tagSkillClassName0102=Commando
tagSkillClassName0103=Witchblade
tagSkillClassName0104=Blademaster
tagSkillClassName0105=Spellsword
tagSkillClassName0106=Spirit Guard
tagSkillClassName0107=Reaper
tagSkillClassName0108=Dragoon
tagSkillClassName0109=Death Knight
tagSkillClassName0110=Order of Bulwark
tagSkillClassName0111=Ice Lord
tagSkillClassName0112=Radiant Shield
tagSkillClassName0113=Doombringer
tagSkillClassName0114=Corrupted
tagSkillClassName0115=Pretender
tagSkillClassName0116=Centurion
tagSkillClassName0117=Hoplite
tagSkillClassName0118=Emphatic Apparition
tagSkillClassName0119=Warrior
tagSkillClassName0120=Beastmaster
tagSkillClassName0121=Chaser
tagSkillClassName0122=Bastion
tagSkillClassName0123=Tempest
tagSkillClassName0124=Dream Striker
tagSkillClassName0125=Idealist
tagSkillClassName0126=Acolyte
tagSkillClassName0127=Military Engineer
tagSkillClassName0128=Paladin
tagSkillClassName0129=Face Smackist
tagSkillClassName0130=Anvil of the Elwar

tagSkillClassName0203=Pyromancer
tagSkillClassName0204=Saboteur
tagSkillClassName0205=[ms]Sorcerer[fs]Sorceress
tagSkillClassName0206=Elementalist
tagSkillClassName0207=Efreet
tagSkillClassName0208=Gunslinger
tagSkillClassName0209=[ms]Infernus[fs]Inferna
tagSkillClassName0210=Huoshi
tagSkillClassName0211=Forstburn Trooper
tagSkillClassName0212=Pyrokinetic
tagSkillClassName0213=Horror
tagSkillClassName0214=Terror
tagSkillClassName0215=Sharper
tagSkillClassName0216=Mechanic
tagSkillClassName0217=Trapper
tagSkillClassName0218=Maleficar
tagSkillClassName0219=Pyrotechnician
tagSkillClassName0220=Wugushi
tagSkillClassName0221=Rebel
tagSkillClassName0222=Devastator
tagSkillClassName0223=Stormcutter
tagSkillClassName0224=Dreamcutter
tagSkillClassName0225=Starfire
tagSkillClassName0226=Sacred Flame
tagSkillClassName0227=Munitions Expert
tagSkillClassName0228=Vanguard
tagSkillClassName0229=Boom
tagSkillClassName0230=Phoenix

tagSkillClassName0304=Witch Hunter
tagSkillClassName0305=Warlock
tagSkillClassName0306=[ms]Witcher[fs]Witch
tagSkillClassName0307=Demonologist
tagSkillClassName0308=Demon Hunter
tagSkillClassName0309=Riftmancer
tagSkillClassName0310=Order of Cthon
tagSkillClassName0311=Skullknight
tagSkillClassName0312=Blood Elemental
tagSkillClassName0313=Hexblade
tagSkillClassName0314=Cthonic Lich
tagSkillClassName0315=Mystic
tagSkillClassName0316=Blighter
tagSkillClassName0317=Bloodreaver
tagSkillClassName0318=Theurgist
tagSkillClassName0319=Justicar
tagSkillClassName0320=Plague Doctor
tagSkillClassName0321=Fleshshaper
tagSkillClassName0322=Witch Doctor
tagSkillClassName0323=Bloodrain
tagSkillClassName0324=Cabalist
tagSkillClassName0325=Psionicist
tagSkillClassName0326=Minstrel
tagSkillClassName0327=Warper
tagSkillClassName0328=The Doubting One
tagSkillClassName0329=Boogey Man
tagSkillClassName0330=Sky Fallen

tagSkillClassName0405=Spellbreaker
tagSkillClassName0406=Trickster
tagSkillClassName0407=Dread Assassin
tagSkillClassName0408=Stalker
tagSkillClassName0409=Mystic Assassin
tagSkillClassName0410=Order of Shadows
tagSkillClassName0411=Shadow Knight
tagSkillClassName0412=Wizard Slayer
tagSkillClassName0413=Terrorblade
tagSkillClassName0414=[ms]Incubus[fs]Succubus
tagSkillClassName0415=Phantom
tagSkillClassName0416=Blackguard
tagSkillClassName0417=Fiendhunter
tagSkillClassName0418=Withering Shadow
tagSkillClassName0419=Sword Master
tagSkillClassName0420=Emissary
tagSkillClassName0421=Assassin
tagSkillClassName0422=Stratoblade
tagSkillClassName0423=Azurewrath
tagSkillClassName0424=Planeshifter
tagSkillClassName0425=Starblade
tagSkillClassName0426=Spellblade
tagSkillClassName0427=Diversionist
tagSkillClassName0428=Anathema
tagSkillClassName0429=Sharp Whit
tagSkillClassName0430=Blade Archon

tagSkillClassName0506=Druid
tagSkillClassName0507=Arch Wizard
tagSkillClassName0508=Arcane Archer
tagSkillClassName0509=Channeler
tagSkillClassName0510=Order of Aetheria
tagSkillClassName0511=Frost Magister
tagSkillClassName0512=Archon
tagSkillClassName0513=Eldritch Knight
tagSkillClassName0514=Aetherial Lich
tagSkillClassName0515=Mirage
tagSkillClassName0516=Shieldmage
tagSkillClassName0517=Arcane Tracker
tagSkillClassName0518=Exorcist
tagSkillClassName0519=Battlemage
tagSkillClassName0520=Avatar of Life
tagSkillClassName0521=Arcane Assassin
tagSkillClassName0522=Avatar of Flame
tagSkillClassName0523=Avatar of Thunder
tagSkillClassName0524=Prodigy
tagSkillClassName0525=Astrologer
tagSkillClassName0526=Spellweaver
tagSkillClassName0527=Inventor
tagSkillClassName0528=Inquisitor
tagSkillClassName0529=Zap
tagSkillClassName0530=Magister

tagSkillClassName0607=Spirit Walker
tagSkillClassName0608=Warder
tagSkillClassName0609=Hedge Wizard
tagSkillClassName0610=Fist of Fury
tagSkillClassName0611=Ice Warden
tagSkillClassName0612=Elements Keeper
tagSkillClassName0613=Wrath Knight
tagSkillClassName0614=Osteomancer
tagSkillClassName0615=Mindbender
tagSkillClassName0616=Warlord
tagSkillClassName0617=Storm Rider
tagSkillClassName0618=Confessor
tagSkillClassName0619=Chieftain
tagSkillClassName0620=Shapeshifter
tagSkillClassName0621=Marauder
tagSkillClassName0622=Vulcanist
tagSkillClassName0623=Stormcaller
tagSkillClassName0624=Sadhu
tagSkillClassName0625=Swami
tagSkillClassName0626=Auramancer
tagSkillClassName0627=Wayward Inventor
tagSkillClassName0628=Spirit Shield
tagSkillClassName0629=Brony
tagSkillClassName0630=Ixion

tagSkillClassName0708=Witcher
tagSkillClassName0709=Lich
tagSkillClassName0710=Order of the Dead
tagSkillClassName0711=Frost Death Knight
tagSkillClassName0712=Death Elemental
tagSkillClassName0713=Dreadful Revenant
tagSkillClassName0714=Demi-Lich
tagSkillClassName0715=Phantasm
tagSkillClassName0716=Tomb Warden
tagSkillClassName0717=Bonehunter
tagSkillClassName0718=Animancer
tagSkillClassName0719=Ash Warrior
tagSkillClassName0720=Chloromancer
tagSkillClassName0721=Ash Wraith
tagSkillClassName0722=Gravedigger
tagSkillClassName0723=Storm Wraith
tagSkillClassName0724=Boneweaver
tagSkillClassName0725=Voidcaster
tagSkillClassName0726=Pale Charmer
tagSkillClassName0727=Necrotechnomancer
tagSkillClassName0728=Fallen Champion
tagSkillClassName0729=Big Boned
tagSkillClassName0730=Death Mystic

tagSkillClassName0809=Mystic Ranger
tagSkillClassName0810=Order of the Bow
tagSkillClassName0811=Frost Warden
tagSkillClassName0812=Prismatic Warden
tagSkillClassName0813=Hex Warden
tagSkillClassName0814=Unholy Archer
tagSkillClassName0815=Fey Trickster
tagSkillClassName0816=Dreadnaught
tagSkillClassName0817=Deadeye
tagSkillClassName0818=Soul Hunter
tagSkillClassName0819=Marksman
tagSkillClassName0820=Falconer
tagSkillClassName0821=Shadehunter
tagSkillClassName0822=Pathfinder
tagSkillClassName0823=Windstorm
tagSkillClassName0824=Tormentor
tagSkillClassName0825=Horizon Walker
tagSkillClassName0826=Nature Whisperer
tagSkillClassName0827=Combat Engineer
tagSkillClassName0828=[ms]Battle Priest[fs]Battle Priestess
tagSkillClassName0829=[ms]Robin Hood[fs]Robine Hood
tagSkillClassName0830=Moonscythe

tagSkillClassName0910=Demiurge
tagSkillClassName0911=Legionnaire
tagSkillClassName0912=Master of The Elements
tagSkillClassName0913=Overlord
tagSkillClassName0914=Arch Lich
tagSkillClassName0915=Shadow Binder
tagSkillClassName0916=Flesh Guardian
tagSkillClassName0917=Overseer
tagSkillClassName0918=Soul-Binder
tagSkillClassName0919=Tainted Vanguard
tagSkillClassName0920=Poxbane
tagSkillClassName0921=Dark Commander
tagSkillClassName0922=Grave Lord
tagSkillClassName0923=Susanoo
tagSkillClassName0924=Mediator
tagSkillClassName0925=Empyrean Shroud
tagSkillClassName0926=[ms]Orpheus[fs]Orpheya
tagSkillClassName0927=Reanimator
tagSkillClassName0928=Limbo Warden
tagSkillClassName0929=Puppeteer
tagSkillClassName0930=Void Channeler

tagSkillClassName1011=Order of the Frost
tagSkillClassName1012=Chi Master
tagSkillClassName1013=Danshi
tagSkillClassName1014=Fist of Final Verdict
tagSkillClassName1015=Order of the Eye
tagSkillClassName1016=Order of the Arm
tagSkillClassName1017=Order of the Hunt
tagSkillClassName1018=Chakra Master
tagSkillClassName1019=Kensai
tagSkillClassName1020=Hermit
tagSkillClassName1021=Order of Shadow
tagSkillClassName1022=Fist of Justice
tagSkillClassName1023=Fist of Wrath
tagSkillClassName1024=Dream Walker
tagSkillClassName1025=Kleromant
tagSkillClassName1026=Bushi
tagSkillClassName1027=Artificer
tagSkillClassName1028=Daoshi
tagSkillClassName1029=Smartass
tagSkillClassName1030=Order of the Nether

tagSkillClassName1112=Cryomancer
tagSkillClassName1113=Frostmare
tagSkillClassName1114=Hypothermist
tagSkillClassName1115=Aurora Knight
tagSkillClassName1116=Rimeguard
tagSkillClassName1117=Mistrover
tagSkillClassName1118=Frost Revenant
tagSkillClassName1119=Frostbringer
tagSkillClassName1120=Taiga
tagSkillClassName1121=Swashbuckler
tagSkillClassName1122=Avalanche
tagSkillClassName1123=Maelstorm
tagSkillClassName1124=Cryokineticist
tagSkillClassName1125=Stellar Crystalist
tagSkillClassName1126=Winter Doctor
tagSkillClassName1127=Winter Technician
tagSkillClassName1128=Boreal Paladin
tagSkillClassName1129=Tough Crowd
tagSkillClassName1130=Nether Knight

tagSkillClassName1213=Distressor
tagSkillClassName1214=Invoker
tagSkillClassName1215=Elemental Preemptor
tagSkillClassName1216=Aegis of Elements
tagSkillClassName1217=Conflux Sentinel
tagSkillClassName1218=Onmyoji
tagSkillClassName1219=Dervish
tagSkillClassName1220=Prism of Venom
tagSkillClassName1221=Abjurer
tagSkillClassName1222=Flamecaller
tagSkillClassName1223=Elemental Stormbringer
tagSkillClassName1224=Mentalist
tagSkillClassName1225=[ms]Equilibrium Lord[fs]Equilibrium Lady
tagSkillClassName1226=Prismatist
tagSkillClassName1227=Chemist
tagSkillClassName1228=Fluomant
tagSkillClassName1229=Fabulous
tagSkillClassName1230=Elemental Riftmancer

tagSkillClassName1314=Doomlord
tagSkillClassName1315=Nightmare
tagSkillClassName1316=Dark Guardian
tagSkillClassName1317=Desolator
tagSkillClassName1318=Dementor
tagSkillClassName1319=Berserker
tagSkillClassName1320=Toxificator
tagSkillClassName1321=Night Terror
tagSkillClassName1322=Flame Knight
tagSkillClassName1323=Myrmidon
tagSkillClassName1324=Fear Eater
tagSkillClassName1325=Madness Knight
tagSkillClassName1326=Holy Terror
tagSkillClassName1327=Bloodsmith
tagSkillClassName1328=Dark Paladin
tagSkillClassName1329=Doom Smiler
tagSkillClassName1330=Abyssal Magi

tagSkillClassName1415=Necro Binder
tagSkillClassName1416=Bulwark of Death
tagSkillClassName1417=Bonestalker
tagSkillClassName1418=Banshee
tagSkillClassName1419=Revenant Vanguard
tagSkillClassName1420=Corrosionist
tagSkillClassName1421=Deathblade
tagSkillClassName1422=Tomblich
tagSkillClassName1423=Wind of Death
tagSkillClassName1424=Tainted Mindbearer
tagSkillClassName1425=Doomed
tagSkillClassName1426=Corruptor
tagSkillClassName1427=Corruptor of Metal
tagSkillClassName1428=Dark Redeemer
tagSkillClassName1429=Spooker
tagSkillClassName1430=Voice of the Abyss

tagSkillClassName1516=Spellbinding Defender
tagSkillClassName1517=Trapmaster
tagSkillClassName1518=Eidolon
tagSkillClassName1519=Swiftblade
tagSkillClassName1520=Wanderer
tagSkillClassName1521=Ninja
tagSkillClassName1522=Kindred
tagSkillClassName1523=Mistclouder
tagSkillClassName1524=Skald
tagSkillClassName1525=[ms]Almucantar[fs]Almucantara
tagSkillClassName1526=Demagouge
tagSkillClassName1527=Gadgeteer
tagSkillClassName1528=Tower of ID
tagSkillClassName1529=Tricky Bugger
tagSkillClassName1530=Shadowmancer
tagSkillClassName1531=Basilisk

tagSkillClassName1618=Spellbinder
tagSkillClassName1619=Conquerer
tagSkillClassName1620=Guardian
tagSkillClassName1621=Corsair
tagSkillClassName1622=Juggernaut
tagSkillClassName1623=Stormtrooper
tagSkillClassName1624=Templar
tagSkillClassName1625=Aegeis of Firmament
tagSkillClassName1626=Knight Hospitaler
tagSkillClassName1627=Technician
tagSkillClassName1628=Divine Rampart
tagSkillClassName1629=Tough Bugger
tagSkillClassName1630=Knight Mage

tagSkillClassName1718=Bone Charmer
tagSkillClassName1719=Slayer
tagSkillClassName1720=Ranger
tagSkillClassName1721=Brigand
tagSkillClassName1722=Avenger
tagSkillClassName1723=Sage
tagSkillClassName1724=Haruspex
tagSkillClassName1725=Pioneer
tagSkillClassName1726=Pawang
tagSkillClassName1727=Technotracer
tagSkillClassName1728=Oathbound
tagSkillClassName1729=Hippy
tagSkillClassName1730=Dark Pawang

tagSkillClassName1819=Revenant
tagSkillClassName1820=Soothsayer
tagSkillClassName1821=Souldrinker
tagSkillClassName1822=Conjurer
tagSkillClassName1823=Oracle
tagSkillClassName1824=Diabolist
tagSkillClassName1825=Thanatotheurge
tagSkillClassName1826=Soul Weaver
tagSkillClassName1827=Ensouler
tagSkillClassName1828=Seraphim
tagSkillClassName1829=Poltergeist
tagSkillClassName1830=Dark Caller

tagSkillClassName1920=Nomad
tagSkillClassName1921=Executioner
tagSkillClassName1922=Earthshaker
tagSkillClassName1923=Typhoon
tagSkillClassName1924=Harbinger
tagSkillClassName1925=Shooting Star
tagSkillClassName1926=Chaplain
tagSkillClassName1927=Sapper
tagSkillClassName1928=Holy Warrior
tagSkillClassName1929=Angry Comedian
tagSkillClassName1930=War Mage

tagSkillClassName2021=Illusionist
tagSkillClassName2022=Summoner
tagSkillClassName2023=Wrath of Gaia
tagSkillClassName2024=Ritualist
tagSkillClassName2025=Adventurer
tagSkillClassName2026=Hierophant
tagSkillClassName2027=Forest Tinker
tagSkillClassName2028=Priest
tagSkillClassName2029=Tree Hugger
tagSkillClassName2030=Grand Druid

tagSkillClassName2122=Magician
tagSkillClassName2123=Sorcerer
tagSkillClassName2124=Dreamkiller
tagSkillClassName2125=Dreamer
tagSkillClassName2126=Bard
tagSkillClassName2127=Tinker
tagSkillClassName2128=Wicked Apostle
tagSkillClassName2129=Sneaky Bugger
tagSkillClassName2130=Shadoweaver

tagSkillClassName2223=Tectonist
tagSkillClassName2224=Evoker
tagSkillClassName2225=Meteor Mage
tagSkillClassName2226=Bright Flame
tagSkillClassName2227=Battle Forger
tagSkillClassName2228=Celestial Molder
tagSkillClassName2229=Pixie-Kin
tagSkillClassName2230=Magmiliar

tagSkillClassName2324=Prophet
tagSkillClassName2325=Jupiter
tagSkillClassName2326=Conductor
tagSkillClassName2327=Electromancer
tagSkillClassName2328=Thunder Gale
tagSkillClassName2329=Surging Comedian
tagSkillClassName2330=Thunder Mage

tagSkillClassName2425=Aberrant Mind
tagSkillClassName2426=Chanter
tagSkillClassName2427=Erudite
tagSkillClassName2428=Diviner
tagSkillClassName2429=Psychopath
tagSkillClassName2430=Aetherial Magister

tagSkillClassName2526=[ms]Astrum[fs]Astris
tagSkillClassName2527=Astromancer
tagSkillClassName2528=Enlightened
tagSkillClassName2529=Comedy Star
tagSkillClassName2530=Nujoom

tagSkillClassName2627=Technomancer
tagSkillClassName2628=Cleric
tagSkillClassName2629=Funky Doctor
tagSkillClassName2630=Helpful Braggart

tagSkillClassName2728=Medic
tagSkillClassName2729=Kaboom
tagSkillClassName2730=Warcaster

tagSkillClassName2829=Holy Raucous
tagSkillClassName2830=Anchorite

tagSkillClassName2930=Goat Fondler