tagCompA001Name=^oSpined Carapace
tagCompA002Name=^oBallistic Plating
tagCompA003Name=^oSanctified Bone
tagCompA004Name=^oLeathery Hide
tagCompA005Name=^oRunestone
tagCompA006Name=^oMutagenic Ichor
tagCompA007Name=^oRotten Heart
tagCompA008Name=^oMutated Scales
tagCompA009Name=^oCorpse Dust
tagCompA010Name=^oSoul Shard
tagCompA011Name=^oEctoplasm
tagCompA012Name=^oBlessed Steel
tagCompA013Name=^oVenomous Fang
tagCompA014Name=^oPurified Salt
tagCompA015Name=^oHollowed Fang
tagCompA016Name=^oSevered Claw
tagCompA017Name=^oImbued Silver
tagCompA018Name=^oVicious Spikes
tagCompA019Name=^oRadiant Gem
tagCompA020Name=^oHell's Bane Ammo
tagCompA021Name=^oDeathchill Bolts
tagCompA022Name=^oAether Soul
tagCompA023Name=^oRigid Shell
tagCompA024Name=^oMolten Skin
tagCompA025Name=^oEnchanted Flint
tagCompA026Name=^oColdstone
tagCompA027Name=^oAmber
tagCompA028Name=^oVitriolic Gallstone
tagCompA029Name=^oBlessed Whetstone
tagCompA030Name=^oSilk Swatch
tagCompA031Name=^oScaled Hide
tagCompA032Name=^oFlintcore Bolts
tagCompA033Name=^oVenom-Tipped Ammo
tagCompA034Name=^oMark of the Traveler
tagCompA035Name=^oConsecrated Wrappings
tagCompA036Name=^oRestless Remains
tagCompA037Name=^oDense Fur
tagCompA038Name=^oSerrated Spike
tagCompA039Name=^oSearing Ember
tagCompA040Name=^oChilled Steel
tagCompA041Name=^oCracked Lodestone
tagCompA042Name=^oChipped Claw
tagCompA043Name=^oScavenged Plating
tagCompA044Name=^oBristly Fur
tagCompA045Name=^oResilient Plating
tagCompA046Name=^oPolished Emerald
tagCompA047Name=^oFrozen Heart
tagCompA048Name=^oRoiling Blood
tagCompA049Name=^oWardstone
tagCompA050Name=^oFocusing Prism
tagCompA051Name=^oBlack Tallow
tagCompA052Name=^oVengeful Wraith
tagCompA053Name=^oMark of Illusions
tagCompA054Name=^oVicious Jawbone
tagCompA055Name=^oWrathstone
tagCompA056Name=^oRiftstone
tagCompA057Name=^oAethersteel Bolts
tagCompA058Name=^oVoid-Touched Ammo
tagCompA059Name=^oReinforced Shell
tagCompA060Name=^oBattered Shell
tagCompA061Name=^oAntivenom Salve
tagCompA062Name=^oSerrated Shell