
//ALL QUALITY TAGS REMOVED!//
CommonWeaponFormat={%s1 %s0}{^n}
CommonArmorFormat={%s1 %s2 %s0}{^n}
RandomMagicalWeaponFormat={%s3 %s0 %s4}{^n}
RandomMagicalArmorFormat={%s3 %s2 %s0 %s4}{^n}
tagQualityPine=Pine 
tagQualityAsh=Ash
tagQualityOak=Oak
tagQualityCopper=Copper
tagQualityBronze=Bronze
tagQualityIron=Iron
tagQualitySilver=Silver
tagQualityGold=Gold
tagQualityBrass=Brass
tagQualityLinen=Linen
tagQualityWool=Wool
tagQualitySilk=Silk
tagQualityEpicMetal1=Chalcopyrite
tagQualityEpicMetal2=Orichalcum
tagQualityEpicMetal3=Adamantine
tagQualityEpicMetal4=Electrum
tagQualityEpicMetal5=Platinum
tagQualityEpicCloth1=Muslin
tagQualityEpicCloth2=Ramie
tagQualityEpicCloth3=Hexamitos
tagQualityEpicWood1=Spruce
tagQualityEpicWood2=Yew
tagQualityEpicWood3=Ironwood
tagQualityLegendaryMetal1=Azurite
tagQualityLegendaryMetal2=Galantium
tagQualityLegendaryMetal3=Turanite
tagQualityLegendaryMetal4=Tellurium
tagQualityLegendaryMetal5=Malachite
tagQualityLegendaryCloth1=Mooncloth
tagQualityLegendaryCloth2=Suncloth
tagQualityLegendaryCloth3=Starcloth
tagQualityLegendaryWood1=Willow
tagQualityLegendaryWood2=Blackthorn
tagQualityLegendaryWood3=Diamondwood
tagClassMage=Arcane Armor
tagClassHeavy=Heavy Armor
tagClassLight=Light Armor
tagStyleLeather=Leather
tagStyleReinforced=Reinforced
tagStyleEmbossed=Embossed
tagStyleOrnamented=Ornamented
tagStylePlated=Plated
tagStyleScale=Scale
tagStyleBanded=Banded
tagStyleSolid=Solid
tagStyleSimple=Simple
tagStylePadded=Padded
tagStyleEmbroidered=Embroidered
tagStyleRuned=Runed
tagStyleOrnate=Ornate
tagStyleJeweled=Jeweled
tagStyleChalcidian=Chalcidian
tagStyleCorinthian=Corinthian
tagStylePhrygian=Phrygian
tagStyleAlexandrian=Alexandrian
tagStyleMongolian=Mongolian
tagStyleBabylonian=Babylonian
tagItemHarness=Harness
tagItemCorselet=Corselet
tagItemBreastplate=Breastplate
tagItemCuirass=Cuirass
tagItemSuit=Suit
tagItemLegging=Leggings
tagItemGreaves=Greaves
tagItemBracer=Bracers
tagItemArmband=Armbands
tagItemHelmet=Helmet
tagItemHelm=Helm
tagItemSash=Sash
tagItemMantle=Mantle
tagItemRaiment=Raiment
tagItemWrap=Wraps
tagItemGreatHelm=Great Helm
tagItemBangle=Bangle
tagItemBracelet=Bracelet
tagItemCoil=Coil
tagItemWinding=Winding
tagItemClasp=Clasp
tagItemArmlet=Armlet
tagItemGarland=Garland
tagItemCirclet=Circlet
tagItemCrest=Crest
tagItemCoronal=Coronal
tagItemDiadem=Diadem
tagItemCrown=Crown
tagItemCrudeBuckler=Crude Buckler
tagItemReinforcedBuckler=Reinforced Buckler
tagItemBuckler=Buckler
tagItemGuildedBuckler=Gilded Buckler
tagItemPhrygianShield=Phrygian Shield
tagItemGildedPhrygian=Gilded Phrygian Shield
tagItemRoundShield=Round Shield
tagItemKiteShield=Kite Shield
tagItemGreatShield=Great Shield
tagItemAspis=Aspis
tagItemThureos=Thureos
tagItemSakos=Sakos
tagItemTowerShield=Tower Shield
tagItemPelta=Pelta
tagItemScutum=Scutum
tagItemTrigonosShield=Trigonos Shield
tagItemScarabShield=Scarab Shield
tagItemWarShield=War Shield
tagItemElephantineShield=Elephantine Shield
tagItemAchaeanBattleShield=Achaean Battle Shield
tagItemGan=Gan
tagItemBand=Band 
tagItemLoop=Loop
tagItemRing=Ring
tagItemEngravedRing=Engraved Ring
tagItemSignetRing=Signet Ring
tagItemSeal=Seal
tagItemBeads=Beads
tagItemNecklace=Necklace
tagItemCharm=Charm
tagItemAmulet=Amulet
tagItemPendant=Pendant
tagItemTalisman=Talisman
tagItemHandAxe=Hand Axe
tagItemCleaver=Cleaver
tagItemAxe=Axe
tagItemDoubleAxe=Double Axe
tagItemHatchet=Hatchet
tagItemLargeAxe=Large Axe
tagItemMilitaryHatchet=Military Hatchet
tagItemWarAxe=War Axe
tagItemCrescentAxe=Crescent Axe
tagItemTwinBlade=Twin Blade
tagItemFlatAxe=Flat Axe
tagItemGreatAxe=Great Axe
tagItemPelekus=Pelekus
tagItemLabrys=Labrys
tagItemSagaris=Sagaris
tagItemChalcidianAxe=Chalcidian Axe
tagItemPalstave=Palstave
tagItemBalag=Balag
tagItemTabarZin=Tabar Zin
tagItemBattleAxe=Battle Axe
tagItemJaggedAxe=Jagged Axe
tagItemExecutionersAxe=Executioner's Axe
tagItemCrudeBow=Crude Bow
tagItemStraightBow=Straight Bow
tagItemShortBow=Short Bow
tagItemHuntingBow=Hunting Bow
tagItemRaiderBow=Raider Bow
tagItemCompositeBow=Composite Bow
tagItemWarBow=War Bow
tagItemHeavyWarBow=Heavy War Bow
tagItemRecurveBow=Recurve Bow
tagItemTrackersBow=Tracker's Bow
tagItemHeavyRecurveBow=Heavy Recurve Bow
tagItemReinforcedBow=Reinforced Bow
tagItemScythianBow=Scythian Bow
tagItemNubianBow=Nubian Bow
tagItemHornBow=Horn Bow
tagItemLaminateBow=Laminate Bow
tagItemAssyrianGreatbow=Assyrian Greatbow
tagItemParthianLongbow=Parthian Longbow
tagItemMongolianGung=Mongolian Gung
tagItemDelphicBow=Delphic Bow
tagItemHuntmastersBow=Huntmaster's Bow
tagItemPtolemaicStrongbow=Ptolemaic Strongbow
tagItemClub=Club
tagItemMace=Mace
tagItemBallMace=Ball Mace
tagItemNotchedMace=Notched Mace
tagItemSpikedClub=Spiked Club
tagItemRingMace=Ring Mace
tagItemMallet=Mallet
tagItemHeavyMace=Heavy Mace
tagItemBacalus=Bacalus
tagItemStuddedMace=Studded Mace
tagItemWarMallet=War Mallet
tagItemEdgedMace=Edged Mace
tagItemHammer=Hammer
tagItemBludgeon=Bludgeon
tagItemWarHammer=War Hammer
tagItemFlangedMace=Flanged Mace
tagItemBladedMace=Bladed Mace
tagItemCyclopeanCudgel=Cyclopean Cudgel
tagItemRhopalon=Rhopalon
tagItemMaul=Maul
tagItemHeavyBludgeon=Heavy Bludgeon
tagItemStarMace=Star Mace
tagItemDragonMace=Dragon Mace
tagItemPetrifiedCudgel=Petrified Cudgel
tagItemRazorMace=Razor Mace
tagItemGreaterWarHammer=Greater War Hammer
tagItemBattleSledge=Battle Sledge
tagItemSpikedMace=Spiked Mace
tagItemScorpionMace=Scorpion Mace
tagItemPharaonicMace=Pharaonic Mace
tagItemCrudeSpear=Crude Spear
tagItemSudis=Sudis
tagItemHuntingSpear=Hunting Spear
tagItemHasta=Hasta
tagItemFramea=Framea
tagItemPilum=Pilum
tagItemAngon=Angon
tagItemKontos=Kontos
tagItemTragula=Tragula
tagItemTrident=Trident
tagItemSpetum=Spetum
tagItemLance=Lance
tagItemNaginata=Naginata
tagItemGlaive=Glaive
tagItemLogche=Logche
tagItemAssegai=Assegai
tagItemFootLance=Foot Lance
tagItemLeafbladeSpear=Leafblade Spear
tagItemSpartanBelos=Spartan Belos
tagItemQiang=Qiang
tagItemAssyrianLongspear=Assyrian Longspear
tagItemMenfatianSpear=Menfatian Spear
tagItemWitheredStaff=Withered Staff
tagItemStoutStaff=Stout Staff
tagItemCarvedStaff=Carved Staff
tagItemRunedStaff=Runed Staff
tagItemJeweledStaff=Jeweled Staff
tagItemTotemicStaff=Totemic Staff
tagItemBoneStaff=Bone Staff
tagItemOrbStaff=Orb Staff
tagItemBattleStaff=Battle Staff
tagItemArchonStaff=Archon Staff
tagItemMoonStaff=Moon Staff
tagItemCelestialStaff=Celestial Staff
tagItemDelphicStaff=Delphic Staff
tagItemVadeMecum=Vade Mecum
tagItemEmpyrean Staff=Empyrean Staff
tagItemOlympianStaff=Olympian Staff
tagItemElysianStaff=Elysian Staff
tagItemCrystalStaff=Crystal Staff
tagItemMysticStaff=Mystic Staff
tagItemEldritchStaff=Eldritch Staff
tagItemThaumaturgistsStaff=Thaumaturgist's Staff
tagItemSeersStaff=Seer's Staff
tagItemWindingStaff=Winding Staff
tagItemKnife=Knife
tagItemShortSword=Short Sword
tagItemKopis=Kopis
tagItemHookedBlade=Hooked Blade
tagItemFalcata=Falcata
tagItemSpatha=Spatha
tagItemGladius=Gladius
tagItemMachaera=Machaera
tagItemMedeSword=Mede Sword
tagItemCrescentBlade=Crescent Blade
tagItemSaber=Saber
tagItemKhopesh=Khopesh
tagItemScimitar=Scimitar
tagItemMoonBlade=Moon Blade
tagItemTalon=Talon
tagItemKhandar=Khandar
tagItemWarBlade=War Sword
tagItemTitanBlade=Titan Blade
tagItemXiphos=Xiphos
tagItemChortos=Chortos
tagItemShamshir=Shamshir
tagItemLuristanLongsword=Luristan Longsword
tagItemScythianCarver=Scythian Carver
tagItemIiuyedao=Liuyedao
tagItemMycenaeanGreatsword=Mycenaean Greatsword
tagItemChrusaoros=Chrusaoros
tagItemAor=Aor
tagItemQuaddara=Quaddara
tagItemDrepanon=Drepanon

xpack


xtagStyleArmor01=Splint
xtagStyleArmor02=Lamellar
xtagStyleMageArmor01=Brocade
xtagStyleMageArmor02=Gossamer
xtagStyleHelm01=Ereban
xtagStyleHelm02=Stygian
xtagItemMageArm01=Wristlet
xtagItemMageArm02=Binding
xtagItemMageHead01=Wreath
xtagItemMageHead02=Veil
xtagItemShield01=Taka
xtagItemShield02=Thyreos
xtagItemShield03=Peltarian
xtagItemShield04=Peltarian
xtagItemShield05=Stygian Shield
xtagItemShield06=Stygian Shield
xtagItemRing01=Kuklos
xtagItemRing02=Jewel
xtagItemAmulet01=Hormos
xtagItemAmulet02=Medallion
xtagItemAxe01=Securis
xtagItemAxe02=Thracian Splitter
xtagItemAxe03=Parashu
xtagItemAxe04=Bipennis
xtagItemAxe05=Bullova
xtagItemAxe06=Stygian Carver
xtagItemBow01=Flat Bow
xtagItemBow02=Toxo
xtagItemBow03=Yumi
xtagItemBow04=Forged Bow
xtagItemBow05=Siege Bow
xtagItemBow06=Stygian Bow
xtagItemClub01=Scepter
xtagItemClub02=Sfyri
xtagItemClub03=Bactrian Claw
xtagItemClub04=Leschi
xtagItemClub05=Luristan Hammer
xtagItemClub06=Assyrian Cudgel
xtagItemClub07=Etruscan Mace
xtagItemClub08=War Maul
xtagItemClub09=Stygian Scepter
xtagItemSpear01=Aichme
xtagItemSpear02=Doration
xtagItemSpear03=Hyssos
xtagItemSpear04=Sarissa
xtagItemSpear05=Xyston
xtagItemSpear06=Stygian Glaive
xtagItemSword01=Parazoonian
xtagItemSword02=Alexandrian Broadsword
xtagItemSword03=Akinakes
xtagItemSword04=Rhomphaia
xtagItemSword05=Kora
xtagItemSword06=Encheiridion
xtagItemSword07=Kukri
xtagItemSword08=Jian
xtagItemSword09=Stygian Leafblade
xtagItemStaff01=Arcane Staff
xtagItemStaff02=Shadow Staff
xtagItemStaff03=Ereban Staff
xtagItemStaff04=Asphodan Staff
xtagItemStaff05=Incubaen Staff
xtagItemStaff06=Stygian Staff




//AFFIXES//
tagPrefixTQ001=Defender's
tagPrefixTQ002=Tracker's
tagPrefixTQ003=Theurgist's
tagPrefixTQ004=Gladiator's
tagPrefixTQ005=Forestwalker's
tagPrefixTQ006=Rogue's
tagPrefixTQ007=Flamedancer's
tagPrefixTQ008=Stormcaller's
tagPrefixTQ009=Prophet's
tagPrefixTQB001=Vanguard's
tagPrefixTQB002=Deadeye's
tagPrefixTQB003=Archmage's
tagPrefixTQB004=Myrmidon's
tagPrefixTQB005=Shepherd's
tagPrefixTQB006=Waylayer's
tagPrefixTQB007=Vulcanist's
tagPrefixTQB008=Ice Carver's
tagPrefixTQB009=Dreamshaper's


//crafting//
tagCraftedStaff001=Handmade Apprentice's Staff
tagBlueprintCraftedStaff001=Blueprint: Apprentice's Staff