
#CLASS ARCH Necromancer
#ENUMERATION 14

#CLASS Illusionist
#ENUMERATION 15



tagSkillClassDescription14=Followers of Uroboruuk, the legendary original Necromancer, study dark arts some consider "unholy". To the skilled Necromancer, death is but a threshold that may be crossed both ways, as they wield arcane energies to command walking bones and spirits alike. Should the conjured dead not suffice, a Necromancer's affinity towards life allows them to claim it with their own hands and morbid spells. 
tagSkillClassDescription15=Rumored to be a small sect within the Emperor's Nightblades, Illusionists are semi-mythical manipulators and puppetmasters. They kill not with a whirlwind of blades, but with a drop of rage directly instilled into a target's head, with paralysis, and with confusion. The battlefield is but a play waiting to be orchestrated, and the Illusionist's willpower determines the outcome.


# Arch Necromancer
## skills
tagClass14SkillName00A=^gArch Necromancer
tagClass14SkillDescription00A=The connection to souls long gone from this world.

tagClass14SkillName01A=Conjure Skeleton Warrior
tagClass14SkillDescription01A=The most basic art of the Arch Necromancer. Conjure skeletal soldiers to fight and die in your stead. ^oSkeletons scale with pet bonuses. The number of summonable skeletons increases with skill level.

tagClass14SkillName02A=Veteran Bonemen
tagClass14SkillDescription02A=As your dominance over skeletal entities grows, the warrior ia able to rediscover one of its old skills - a sweeping attack that covers a wide arc.

tagClass14SkillName03A=Abyssal Charge
tagClass14SkillDescription03A=The former Soldier remembers yet another combat move. He charges into the fight head on, striking down the foe with overwhelming foe.

tagClass14SkillName04A=Lord of Bones
tagClass14SkillDescription04A=In a final step of mastery, your undead minions recall advanced defensive maneuvers, greatly increasing their survivability.

tagClass14SkillName05A=Bone Lance
tagClass14SkillDescription05A=Uroboruuk's followers were hunted down ever since they started existing. To defend themselves against attackers, they started turning the bones they command into weapons. The first of those weapons is a piercing spear.

tagClass14SkillName06A=Evisceration
tagClass14SkillDescription06A=The spear impales the target, causing intense pain and bleeding.

#transmuter
tagClass14SkillName06A_Transmuter=Sheer Cold
tagClass14SkillDescription06A_Transmuter=Not content with a mere physical impact, you encase the bone spear with the chill of death itself.

tagClass14SkillName07A=Splinter
tagClass14SkillDescription07A=As the accelerated bone is driven into the flesh, it destroys and prepares for further injury.

tagClass14SkillName08A=Bone's Marrow
tagClass14SkillDescription08A=Your overwhelming magical prowess connects prey and hunter. You watch as the bone spear sucks the very life out of your unlucky victim, revitalizing your worn-out body.

tagClass14SkillName09A=The Rot
tagClass14SkillDescription09A=To accelerate the shift from life and death, you command a nefarious plague that cripples and damages while it eats itself from victim to victim. ^oThe Rot spreads further and faster as you level up the skill.

#transmuter
tagClass14SkillName10A=Synergetic Link
tagClass14SkillDescription10A=Using an incantation looked down upon by some Arch Necromancers, the ever gestalting bacteria transfer the target's flesh to their master, restoring their physical shape.

tagClass14SkillName11A=Necrosis
tagClass14SkillDescription11A=The plague induces the chilling feeling of upcoming death, as it ravages the immune system and sabotages any attempts to avoid the inevitable.

tagClass14SkillName12A=Infestation
tagClass14SkillDescription12A=In its final stage, the Rot clings and infests muscle fibers, disabling the affected's ability to move and resist.

tagClass14SkillName13A=Corrosion
tagClass14SkillDescription13A=A spell that raises a barrage of piercing bones from the ground, violently stopping approaching fools in their tracks.

tagClass14SkillName14A=Atonement
tagClass14SkillDescription14A=Corrosion's spikes harden, increasing their destructive and disruptive power.

tagClass14SkillName15A=Exoskeletal Armor
tagClass14SkillDescription15A=To the Arch Necromancer, bones are loyal servants, deadly weapons, and heavy armor. This spell offers the protection one would expect from such a morbid suit, while cutting into the flesh of the ones that dare strike it. ^oThis skill needs to be toggled on to apply its effect.

tagClass14SkillName16A=Bizarre Shell
tagClass14SkillDescription16A=By selecting sharper bones for your makeshift armor, you greatly increase its harmful potential.

tagClass14SkillName17A=Reaper's Touch
tagClass14SkillDescription17A=Channeling their control over life into regular weaponry, Arch Necromancers rip the will to live right out of their unlucky victims.

tagClass14SkillName18A=Reaper's Claim
tagClass14SkillDescription18A=Adding more energy intensifies the claim and increase the reaper's rewards.

tagClass14SkillName19A=Reaper's Call
tagClass14SkillDescription19A=You share pieces of the life you claim, powering up the combat efforts of those under your command.

tagClass14SkillName20A=Rite of Binding
tagClass14SkillDescription20A=In an effort to overwhelm a dedicated foe, sacrifices are needed. In this most dangerous of spells, the Arch Necromancer harrows away at their own body to send their minions into a frenzy.

tagClass14SkillName21A=Flesh to Power
tagClass14SkillDescription21A=By offering their very own flesh, risky Arch Necromancers greatly enhance the rite's effect, sending their minions into a killing spree.

tagClass14SkillName22A=Conjure Lich
tagClass14SkillDescription22A=The mightiest servant available to necromancers, the Lich used to be a powerful mage himself in his lifetime. With strong spells at his disposal, he makes for a formidable ally. ^oThe Lich scales with pet bonuses. Only one Lich may be summoned at any given time.

tagClass14SkillName23A=Soul Nova
tagClass14SkillDescription23A=The Lich unleashes a large amount of destructive energy in a singular, radial blast.

tagClass14SkillName24A=Miasma
tagClass14SkillDescription24A=By focusing his ancient magic into a concentrated wave, the Lich eats away at the very essence of the soul.

tagClass14SkillName25A=Ancient Rites
tagClass14SkillDescription25A=In anticipation of a battle that your minions might not be able to win, you train your connection to destructive arcane forces.

tagClass14SkillName26A=Circle of Protection
tagClass14SkillDescription26A=Experience with the unliving leads to understanding of their strengths and weaknesses.

tagClass14SkillName27A=Tongues of Old
tagClass14SkillDescription27A=To command an army, one must know their tongue - even if it is a tongue lost to the ages.

tagClass14SkillName28A=Duality
tagClass14SkillDescription28A=Contemplating over the interaction between life and death opens up a new source of power.

tagClass14SkillName29A=Conjure Skeleton Marksman
tagClass14SkillDescription29A=These advanced skeletal troops retain their ability to use ranged weaponry, offering support from a distance. ^oSkeleton Marksmen scale with pet bonuses. The number of summonable Skeleton Marksmen increases with skill level.

tagClass14SkillName30A=Arrowhail
tagClass14SkillDescription30A=The skeletal marksman learns to unleash its shots in quicker and more devastating fashion, unleashing a deadly rain of missiles.

tagClass14SkillName31A=Uroboruuk's Ascendancy
tagClass14SkillDescription31A=The whereabouts of master Arch Necromancer Uroboruuk remain shrouded in mystery, just like the extend of his power. Did he achieve immortality, becoming a God that gives life and death as he pleases, or did he fall to the corruption like most of the world? Either way - your devotion has brought you closer to understanding.

tagClass14SkillName32A=Malkadarr's Teeth
tagClass14SkillDescription32A=The Arch Necromancer Malkadarr is said to have developed this technique in times of need. When surrounded by a gang of bandits, he split his bone spear, unleashing a flurry of small spikes that cleared out his foes in an instance.

tagClass14SkillName33A=Rift
tagClass14SkillDescription33A=The taint of the ritual overflows in a chasm of blood and chaotic energies.

## necro pets

tagPetRegularWeaponAttack=Weapon Attack
tagPetRegularWeaponAttackDesc=A regular attack with the equipped weapon.

tagPetRegularWeaponAttack2=Sniper Shot
tagPetRegularWeaponAttack2Desc=A well-aimed shot that causes extra damage.

tagPetRegularWeaponAttack3=Soul Bolt
tagPetRegularWeaponAttack3Desc=Soul Bolt Desc

tagPetSkeletonWarrior00=Conjured Skeleton Warrior
tagPetSkeletonArcher00=Conjured Skeleton Marksman
tagPetLich00=Conjured Lich

# Illusionist
tagClass15SkillName00A=^gIllusionist
tagClass15SkillDescription00A=The ability to manipulate others with sheer willpower.

## skills

tagClass15SkillName01A=Sands of Sleep
tagClass15SkillDescription01A=The Illusionist's gaze is like the weight of the world, reeling the helpless creature in with a fake promise of rest.

tagClass15SkillName02A=Troubled Dreams
tagClass15SkillDescription02A=But this sleep offers no rest; it consumes the target's body like a dark void, a nightmare made reality.

tagClass15SkillName03A=Dream Eater
tagClass15SkillDescription03A=And in the dark void, the masterful Illusionist lurks, sucking the lifeforce directly out of the unlucky target - so that it may never wake up again.

tagClass15SkillName04A=Enrage
tagClass15SkillDescription04A=The Illusionist's touch is like a sharp needle, aimed at the very rage dwelling within every living being. It turns comerade to traitor, ally to enemy, and husband to murderer.

tagClass15SkillName05A=Furious Onslaught
tagClass15SkillDescription05A=Rage not only blinds the eye; it also overcharges the body with a fury that allows it to surpass its usual limitations. The turned foe becomes a berserker in battle, a whirlwind of death.

tagClass15SkillName06A=Hysteria
tagClass15SkillDescription06A=The Illusionist deeply ingrains their fearsome magic, causing it to make the target fight with a zealot's fury, blind to any alliance it may have had once.

tagClass15SkillName07A=Amygdala's Cut
tagClass15SkillDescription07A=The legendary Illusionist Amygdala was famous for infusing her weaponry with magic that would build up and disable the target. ^oWhen used as your default weapon attack, Amygdala's Cut will amplify the power of every fourths strike.

tagClass15SkillName08A=Mindfray
tagClass15SkillDescription08A=A skilled user of the technique, your arcane injection breaks the target's will and bones alike.

tagClass15SkillName09A=Cryptomnesia
tagClass15SkillDescription09A=By spontaneously combusting the stored energy, your attacks disable the ability to go through complex motions.

tagClass15SkillName10A=Edge of Sanity
tagClass15SkillDescription10A=Absolute mastery over Amygdala's technique directly cuts the will to live out of the target, leaving it intensely vulnerable.

tagClass15SkillName11A=Standstill
tagClass15SkillDescription11A=This spell is a popular defensive tool, as it first slows down everyone nearby, before bringing them to a complete standstill.

tagClass15SkillName12A=Downfall
tagClass15SkillDescription12A=Standstill resonates with the target's inner organs, causing slow, permanent damage.

tagClass15SkillName13A=Summon Changelings
tagClass15SkillDescription13A=A manifestation of nightmares, these small creatures do not gnaw on the flesh, but on the mind. ^oChangelings scale with pet bonuses. The number of summonable Changelings increases with skill level. The spell summons multiple Changelings at once.

tagClass15SkillName14A=Clustering Illusion
tagClass15SkillDescription14A=Upon death, the changeling bursts into an arcane cloud of frost and shock, taking their attackers with them.

tagClass15SkillName15A=Retaliating Echoes
tagClass15SkillDescription15A=Wrapped in a shroud of disruptive magic, merely touching the changeling disheartens the attacker, and renders him vulnerable to follow-up attacks.

tagClass15SkillName16A=Amygdala's Sight
tagClass15SkillDescription16A=At the height of her ability, combat Illusionist Amygdala was able to analyze and dig up any opponent's weaknesses within the blink of an eye. This technique may only be a shadow of what she could do, but its the most any living Illusionist can hope to achieve.

tagClass15SkillName17A=Focalism
tagClass15SkillDescription17A=With concentration comes the mental durability needed to maintain the Illusionist's tools in both manipulation and mayhem.

tagClass15SkillName18A=Halo Effect
tagClass15SkillDescription18A=You've begun to channel your skill into an impressive aura that strikes fear into the hearts of foes, and inspiration into your own.

tagClass15SkillName19A=Mind Cage
tagClass15SkillDescription19A=Afraid to follow the fate of some of their most prominent members, many Illusionists make strengthening their mind agains Aetherial forces a priority.

# no idea what happened to this one
tagClass15SkillName20A=Lucid Dream
tagClass15SkillDescription20A=Lucid Dream Desc

tagClass15SkillName21A=Decellerate
tagClass15SkillDescription21A=An early, yet fundamental art to master. The Illusionist is a spinner of intricacies, but the battlefield moves too fast to deceive an army. With great mental effort, you can slow down any number of attackers, preparing them for the play to unfold.

tagClass15SkillName22A=Reckless Abandon
tagClass15SkillDescription22A=In their desperate attempts to overcome your magical barrier, helpless foes neglect their defenses and remain wide open.

tagClass15SkillName23A=Vanish
tagClass15SkillDescription203=Your physical form is unstable; whenever taking a hit, you completely disappear for the blink of an eye.

tagClass15SkillName24A=Hive Mind
tagClass15SkillDescription24A=Using your mental capacities to coordinate your minions' attacks, you increase their combat performance.

tagClass15SkillName25A=Dirk Throw
tagClass15SkillDescription25A=Unlike their Nightblade brethren, Illusionists focus on singular thrown blades, catching the foes that escape their mindbending magic off-guard.

tagClass15SkillName26A=Cerebella's Curious Vapors
tagClass15SkillDescription26A=Cerebella is said to have been a masterful manipulator of motion. She applied toxins on her thrown daggers to weaken her targets' minds, before infusing her magic and controlling them like puppets.

tagClass15SkillName27A=Dispersion
tagClass15SkillDescription27A=The knife gets charged with a volatile arcane charge, adding a considerable target area to the effects it carries.

tagClass15SkillName28A=Striat's Blink
tagClass15SkillDescription278=A technique developed by Striat, one of the original Illusionists. After becoming a "taken", Striat lost the trust of his comerades and was forced into exile. The next generation of Illusionists tried to hunt him down with considerable manpower, but he used this ability to vanish instantly and escape without bloodshed. ^oThis skill directly teleports the caster to the target location.

tagClass15SkillName29A=Gyrus' Sphere of Repulsion
tagClass15SkillDescription29A=Gyrus was a Spellbinder learning under master Maiven. Not content with mere protection, he built upon Maiven's signature spell and enhanced it with disruptive properties that would damage the attacker.

tagClass15SkillName30A=Insomnia
tagClass15SkillDescription30A=By readjusting the spell to cause waking hallucination, you allow the target to keep moving, while greatly increasing the rate at which their body decays.

tagClass15SkillName31A=Chain Summoning
tagClass15SkillDescription31A=At the cost of intense amounts of energy, you unleash hordes of living nightmares into the world.

tagClass15SkillName32A=Spontaneous Replication
tagClass15SkillDescription32A=Having taught gunslingers in her arts, Amygdala eventually added a technique that would multiple missiles and enhance them with piercing properties. ^oThis skill requires a two-handed ranged weapon.

tagClass15SkillName33A=Twist and Fade
tagClass15SkillDescription33A=Jumping through the twisted space itself unloads a sudden burden on the physique of nearby entities, hurting and stunning them.

tagClass15SkillName34A=My Reflection
tagClass15SkillDescription34A=In a great effort of large-scale manipulation, this spell creates a doppelganger that aims to mimic the caster's abilities. ^oThe Shadow gains additional abilities at skill levels 2,4,8,12,16 and 20. It scales with player damage bonuses.

tagClass15SkillName35A=Chasing Shadows
tagClass15SkillDescription35A=The Shadow's presence chills nearby enemies to their very core, sucking their energy straight out of them to maintain its spellcasting.

tagClass15SkillName36A=Equilibrium
tagClass15SkillDescription36A=In seeking inner silence, the sharpness of your mind and reactions become quicker.

## Illusionist pets
tagPetChangeling00=Changeling
tagPetShadow00=Shadow
tagPetShadowRegularAttack00=Shadow's Touch

### ITEMS

tagPrefixDD000=Arch Necromancer's
tagPrefixDD001=Illusionist's

tagPrefixDD002=Spellbinder's
tagPrefixDD003=Sapper's
tagPrefixDD004=Jester's
tagPrefixDD005=Outlander's
tagPrefixDD006=Sentinel's
tagPrefixDD007=Infernalist's
tagPrefixDD008=Hierophant's
tagPrefixDD009=Reaper's
tagPrefixDD010=Ritualist's
tagPrefixDD011=Defiler's
tagPrefixDD012=Seeker's
tagPrefixDD013=Channeler's
tagPrefixDD014=Usurper's

# item names and description

tagItemNameDD0000=Gyrus's Eye
tagItemNameDD0001=Cerebella's Embrace