#Skills

tagDevotion_B12=Bysmiel's Bonds
tagDevotion_B12Desc=It is said that Bysmiel, the witch god, was headed to the gallows when she abandoned his mortal form and ascended into the heavens, her broken chains the only sign of her escape.

tagItemSkillD236Name=Justicar's Guard
tagItemSkillD236Desc=The Grand Arbiter stands resolute against any blow. ^oThis is a melee passive bonus.

tagItemSkillCornC01Name=Empyrion's Caress
tagItemSkillCornC01Desc=The light of Empyrion mends the wounds and of nearby allies.

tagItemSkillCornC02Name=Valiant Shout
tagItemSkillCornC02Desc=Embolden nearby allies with a charismatic cheer.

tagItemSkillCornC03Name=Toxic Lob
tagItemSkillCornC03Desc=An aura of sickly Miasma swirls around you as if alive. It bombards those who dare attack you with lobs of toxic energy.

tagItemSkillCornC04Name=Praetorian Loyalty
tagItemSkillCornC04Desc=A Praetorian's Loyalty is both a reflection of their steadfast nature and a source of their unwavering strength.

tagItemSkillCornC05Name=Starfall
tagItemSkillCornC05Desc=Frozen stars scream down from the heavens.

tagItemSkillCornC06Name=Void Tear
tagItemSkillCornC06Desc=A tear in the realm of chaos opens, spitting out bolts of energy.

tagItemSkillCornC07Name=Aura of Mourning
tagItemSkillCornC07Desc=A cold aura of grief fills the air around you, empowering the attacks of you and your allies with icy despair.

tagItemSkillCornC08Name=Mutated Matriarch
tagItemSkillCornC08Desc=Summon a rifthound matriarch, twisted and tormented by the Arcane.

tagItemSkillCornC09Name=Eldritch Aura
tagItemSkillCornC09Desc=The Matriarch's infusion with Aether energies allows her to imbue her pack with Eldritch power.

tagItemSkillCornC10Name=Blackwater Cocktails

tagItemSkillCornC11Name=Riposte
tagItemSkillCornC11Desc=You pivot, parry, and retaliate with a quick thrust. ^oRequires a sword.

tagItemSkillCornC12Name=Infected Locusts
tagItemSkillCornC12Desc=Unleash plagued locusts that spread a deadly virus.

tagItemSkillCornC13Name=Warden's Fury
tagItemSkillCornC13Desc=The Warden's undying rage still lingers on his instrument of pain, waiting to be unleashed once more.

tagItemSkillCornC14Name=Aether Barrage
tagItemSkillCornC14Desc=Cleave through the planes of aether, dispersing bursts of energy.

tagItemSkillCornC15Name=Aethersteel Orbiter
tagItemSkillCornC15Desc=Legend has it that the mad Arcanist, Kallazar, was cast out of the Academy for his perpetual, terrible puns.

tagItemSkillCornC16Name=Barthollem's Inferno
tagItemSkillCornC16Desc=Invoke an aspect of Archon Barthollem to incinerate your foes.

tagItemSkillCornC17Desc=Olexra imbued her cousin's sword with some of her magic in the hopes of protecting him in the war. Nevertheless, he fell and Chillblaze was thought to be lost forever.

tagItemSkillCornC18Name=Trollborne Presence
tagItemSkillCornC18Description=The presence of a trollborne weapon imbues you and your allies with the trolls' exceptional resilience. ^oMust be toggled to maintain its effect.

tagItemSkillCornC19Name=Mark of the False Gods
tagItemSkillCornC19Desc=You brand your enemies with the mark of the forbidden ones, weakening their resistance to their dark magics.

tagItemSkillCornB01Name=Pack Mentality
tagItemSkillCornB01Desc=Push on with the vigor of a pack of Rifthounds.

tagClass05SkillName16A=Olexra's Flash Freeze
tagClass05SkillDescription16A=A victim of political intrigue, Olexra was condemned to the Black Legion where her former life of arcane academia turned into a bitter struggle to survive on the frontlines of a brutal war. Olexra quickly put her studies to practical use, developing a technique to flash freeze enemies who made it within striking distance. ^oThis spell freezes enemies for its duration. Enemies resistant to freeze effects will freeze intermittingly, if at all, but will endure the full duration of the other debuffs.

tagClass05SkillName02D=Manifestation
tagClass05SkillDescription02D=Arcane energies manifest in many forms. Arcanists do, too; many who delve into the art of summoning often transfer some of their power to their loyal minions so that they can better serve the will of their masters. ^oRemoves the radius component from IEE (undisplayed in tooltip, but it works).

tagClass04SkillName04C=Ring of Venom
tagClass04SkillDescription04C=A powerful pneumatic technique causes the ring of steel to draw energy from the nearby air, translating one's piercing damage into alchemically enhanced acid damage, whilst also petrifying afflicted enemies.

tagClass03SkillName01E=Lightning Storm
tagClass03SkillDescription01E=The storm raven calls forth a powerful lightning storm to electrocute swaths of foes.

tagClass03SkillNameCorn01A=Entropic Rupture
tagClass03SkillDescriptionCorn01A=Upon slaying a foe, the Doom Bolt utilizes the blood of the fallen to summon a well of entropic energies near other lifeforms.

tagClass02SkillName09C=Quick Jacks
tagClass02SkillDescription09C=Quick Jacks lose most of the stopping power of Stun Jacks but can be thrown in rapid succession to spread devastating electrical damage among large packs of foes.

tagClass02SkillName08D=High Potency
tagClass02SkillDescription08D=This more potent formulation degrades your foes' ability to fight.

tagClass02SkillName07B=Ulzuin's Chosen
tagClass02SkillDescription07B=Those who have sacrificed much in the pursuit of pyrotechnics eventually come to be favored by Ulzuin, receiving his blessing in wreaking fiery devastation upon the world. Taking on this blessing empowers and hastens your attacks, all while consuming nearby enemies in thermovoltaic and entropic fires. ^oThe flat damage applies to enemies within the given radius of you. The other stats apply to the player character.

tagClass02SkillName05C="The Big One"
tagClass02SkillDescription05C=Loads the Mortar Trap with a devastating bomb known only as "The Big One", which will fire at the beginning of the trap's barrage. The resulting colossal explosion will leave your enemies shellshocked, if they survive at all.

tagClass02SkillName01C=Skyfire Grenado
tagClass02SkillDescription01C=When just exploding an enemy is not enough, this alchemical alteration to Grenado's chemistry unleashes a maelstrom of electricity upon detonation in an even larger radius than before.

tagClass01SkillName02B=Rending Force
tagClass01SkillDescription02B=Forcewave shatters enemy armor and resists, making them more susceptible to physical attacks.

tagClass01SkillName01E=Shred
tagClass01SkillDescription01E=For Sheriff Harmon Griffith, bringing law to the lands of Burrwitch sometimes meant cutting down several faraway criminals at once. ^oRequires a ranged weapon.

tagClass01SkillName01F=Two-Handed Stance

tagClass01SkillName01B=Fighting Form
tagClass01SkillDescription01B=The fury of Cadence resonates with the target, causing heavy bleeding and striking additional nearby targets. ^o When used with a two-handed weapon, Cadence has a chance to unleash a shockwave.

tagClass01SkillName01A=Cadence
tagClass01SkillDescription01A=The use of weapon forms in combat gives your attacks a natural cadence with peaks and ebbs that, while predictable, are none the less effective and difficult to counter.  ^oWhen used as your default weapon attack, Cadence will magnify the power of periodic strikes.

#Items

tagCompA006Name=Mutagenic Ichor
tagCompA006Desc="Discharge from the creatures of Cairn infected with otherwordly energies."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA012Name=Blessed Steel
tagCompA012Desc="Steel blessed by the priests of Menhir to vanquish the spreading darkness."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA014Name=Purified Salt
tagCompA014Desc="Rock salt extracted for the exorcism and deterrence of otherworldly demons."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA015Name=Hollowed Fang
tagCompA015Desc="A curved fang intended for the consumption of vital fluids."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA016Name=Severed Claw
tagCompA016Desc="A ruthless claw torn from the limb of a mighty beast."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA017Name=Imbued Silver
tagCompA017Desc="Silver dust enhanced with powerful sorcery."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA018Name=Vicious Spikes
tagCompA018Desc="Savage spikes from an unnatural being."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA020Name=Hell's Bane Ammo
tagCompA020Desc="Consecrated ammunition intended to inflict great pain upon those of impure intent."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA021Name=Deathchill Bolts
tagCompA021Desc="Deliver the cold chill of death upon your enemies."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA025Name=Enchanted Flint
tagCompA025Desc="This enchanted flint will impart a spirit of flame within any weapon it caresses."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA026Name=Coldstone
tagCompA026Desc="In folklore, these mysterious stones that radiate cold are said to be the hearts of banished revenants."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA027Name=Amber
tagCompA027Desc="It is said that sometimes storm spirits become entrapped in the crystalized sap of lightning struck trees."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA028Name=Vitriolic Gallstone
tagCompA028Desc="Vitriolic stones formed in the bile of foul beasts."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA032Name=Flintcore Bolts
tagCompA032Desc="The enchanted core sparks flame with any surface."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA033Name=Venom-Tipped Ammo
tagCompA033Desc="Toxins from a poisonous maw coat the tip of this ammunition."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA038Name=Serrated Spike
tagCompA038Desc="A flimsy but extremely sharp spike from a beast."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA039Name=Searing Ember
tagCompA039Desc="An everlasting ember from a burnt-down home."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA040Name=Chilled Steel
tagCompA040Desc="This steel is infused with a chilling winter wind."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA041Name=Cracked Lodestone
tagCompA041Desc="Sparks of energy jump across its surface."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA042Name=Chipped Claw
tagCompA042Desc="A claw from a ruthless predator that finally met its match."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA055Name=Wrathstone
tagCompA055Desc="It vibrates at the slightest contact with living flesh."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA056Name=Riftstone
tagCompA056Desc="Teeming with the raw power of the void."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA057Name=Aethersteel Bolts
tagCompA057Desc="Augmented with the essence of Aetherial monstrosities."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA058Name=Void-Touched Ammo
tagCompA058Desc="Dipped in fresh Chthonian blood."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB011Name=^kSymbol of Solael
tagCompB011Desc="A secret symbol used by followers of Solael to identify themselves to one another."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB012Name=^kMark of Dreeg
tagCompB012Desc="An inscription of a lidless eye dripping tears of vitriolic blood."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB013Name=^kHaunted Steel
tagCompB013Desc="It fills your mind with the maddening whispers of trapped spirits."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB014Name=^kShard of Beronath
tagCompB014Desc="But a piece of the legendary spear that felled Beronath, yet still retains great power."^w^n(Used in melee weapons and jewelry)

tagCompB015Name=^kBloody Whetstone
tagCompB015Desc="Soaked in the blood of the fallen, this accursed whetstone gives blades a hunger for blood."^w^n(Used in axes, swords, and jewelry)

tagCompB021Name=^kOleron's Blood
tagCompB021Desc="Sacred blood of the war god."^w^n(Used in all weapons and jewelry)

tagItemMutatedMatriach=Mutated Matriarch