#########################
#####	Smith

tagNPC_transmogsmith=^oTibia the Tailor
tagStoreTitle_transmogsmith=^rBony craftsman
tagStoreDesc_transmog_1=Tibia uses ancient arkovian techniques 
tagStoreDesc_transmog_2=to scam..ehm.. craft your equipment into legendary gear of old. No refunds.
tagStoreDesc_transmog_3=
tagStoreDesc_transmog_4=^gCompletion bonus:^r currently unavailable.
tagTransmogScroll=Sexy Blueprint



#########################
#####	Item usable skill
tagConsumableTransmogDesc=^y"What's in the box?!?!" ^n^h -Last words of Master Millus, as he reached for the crate presented to him by Oswald Hargate at the Arcanum Society.
tagConsumableTransmog=CrateBox



















































#########################
#####	swords1h

tagTransmogTextSword1h=Slice 'em up in style.

tagTransmoga00_sword001=Illusion: Shiv
tagTransmoga01_sword001=Illusion: Gla
tagTransmoga01_sword002=Illusion: Scrapmetal Razor
tagTransmoga02_sword001=Illusion: Scrapmetal Shortsword
tagTransmoga02_sword002=Illusion: Tarnished Carver
tagTransmoga03_sword001=Illusion: Tarnished Shortsword
tagTransmoga03_sword002=Illusion: Tarnished Razor
tagTransmoga04_sword001=Illusion: Iron Broadsword
tagTransmoga04_sword002=Illusion: Tarnished Butcher
tagTransmoga05_sword001=Illusion: Iron Longsword
tagTransmoga05_sword002=Illusion: Iron Cutlass
tagTransmoga06_sword001=Illusion: Steel Broadsword
tagTransmoga06_sword002=Illusion: Tarnished Mangler
tagTransmoga07_sword001=Illusion: Steel Longsword
tagTransmoga07_sword002=Illusion: Steel Bonesaw
tagTransmoga08_sword001=Illusion: Raider Fellblade
tagTransmoga08_sword002=Illusion: Raider Sabre
tagTransmoga09_sword001=Illusion: Assault Broadsword
tagTransmoga10_sword001=Illusion: Assault Cutlass
tagTransmoga11_sword001=Illusion: Exalted Conqueror
tagTransmoga11_sword002=Illusion: Exalted Butcher
tagTransmogb000_sword=Illusion: Gladius
tagTransmogb001_sword=Illusion: Salazar's Sovereign Blade
tagTransmogb002_sword=Illusion: Spectral Broadsword
tagTransmogb003_sword=Illusion: Spectral Longsword
tagTransmogb004_sword=Illusion: Honed Longsword
tagTransmogb005_sword=Illusion: Honed Broadsword
tagTransmogb006_sword=Illusion: Honed Conqueror
tagTransmogb007_sword=Illusion: Malkadarr's Dreadblade
tagTransmogb008_sword=Illusion: Manticore Longsword
tagTransmogb009a_sword=Illusion: Bonecarver
tagTransmogb010a_sword=Illusion: Boneblade
tagTransmogb011a_sword=Illusion: Dermapteran Claw
tagTransmogb012a_sword=Illusion: Dermapteran Slicer
tagTransmogb013a_sword=Illusion: Bloodlord's Blade

tagTransmogc010_sword=Illusion: Soulthief
tagTransmogc011_sword=Illusion: Chillblaze
tagTransmogc012_sword=Illusion: Spinecarver
tagTransmogc013_sword=Illusion: Assassin's Calling
tagTransmogc014_sword=Illusion: Razor of the Blind Assassin
tagTransmogc015_sword=Illusion: Stormseeker's Sabre
tagTransmogc016_sword=Illusion: Willie's Razor
tagTransmogc017_sword=Illusion: Bloodborn Sabre
tagTransmogc018_sword=Illusion: Lightning Rod
tagTransmogc019_sword=Illusion: Hound's Bite
tagTransmogc020_sword=Illusion: Omen
tagTransmogc021_sword=Illusion: Madness
tagTransmogc022_sword=Illusion: Blood Carver
tagTransmogc023_sword=Illusion: Willie's Razor
tagTransmogc024_sword=Illusion: Duelist's Sabre
tagTransmogc025_sword=Illusion: Magistrate's Censor
tagTransmogc026_sword=Illusion: Flamebrand
tagTransmogc027_sword=Illusion: Bloodreaper's Claw

tagTransmogd001_sword=Illusion: Crimson Spike
tagTransmogd002_sword=Illusion: Crystallum
tagTransmogd003_sword=Illusion: Grim Fate
tagTransmogd004_sword=Illusion: Mindwarp
tagTransmogd005_sword=Illusion: Beronath Reforged
tagTransmogd006_sword=Illusion: Bloodsong
tagTransmogd007_sword=Illusion: Nex
tagTransmogd008_sword=Illusion: Ortus
tagTransmogd009_sword=Illusion: Deathmarked Claw
tagTransmogd010_sword=Illusion: Stormheart
tagTransmogd011_sword=Illusion: Reaver's Claw


#########################
#####	axe1h	

tagTransmogTextAxe1h=Chop 'em up in style.

tagTransmoga01_axe000=Illusion: Woodsman's Axe
tagTransmoga01_axe001=Illusion: Sawblade
tagTransmoga02_axe001=Illusion: Sawblade
tagTransmoga02_axe002=Illusion: Hatchet
tagTransmoga03_axe001=Illusion: Sawblade
tagTransmoga03_axe002=Illusion: Cleaver
tagTransmoga04_axe001=Illusion: Double Axe
tagTransmoga05_axe001=Illusion: Hatchet
tagTransmoga05_axe002=Illusion: Battle Axe
tagTransmoga06_axe001=Illusion: Cleaver
tagTransmoga06_axe002=Illusion: Bearded Axe
tagTransmoga07_axe001=Illusion: Heavy Axe
tagTransmoga07_axe002=Illusion: Crescent Axe
tagTransmoga08_axe001=Illusion: Battle Axe
tagTransmoga08_axe002=Illusion: Crescent Axe
tagTransmoga09_axe001=Illusion: Battle Axe
tagTransmoga10_axe001=Illusion: Heavy Axe
tagTransmoga11_axe001=Illusion: Blade Axe
tagTransmoga11_axe002=Illusion: Double Axe
tagTransmogb000_axe=Illusion: Sawblade
tagTransmogb001_axe=Illusion: Spectral Cleaver
tagTransmogb002_axe=Illusion: Spectral Battle Axe
tagTransmogb003_axe=Illusion: Pit Master's Axe
tagTransmogb004a_axe=Illusion: Bonecleaver
tagTransmogb005a_axe=Illusion: Bonescythe
tagTransmogb006a_axe=Illusion: Olman's Axe

tagTransmogc011_axe=Illusion: Notched Bone of a Thousand Deaths
tagTransmogc012_axe=Illusion: Corpse Desecrator
tagTransmogc013_axe=Illusion: Chonag'Ri
tagTransmogc014_axe=Illusion: Asterkarn Cleaver
tagTransmogc015_axe=Illusion: Hellclaw Slicer
tagTransmogc016_axe=Illusion: Cruel Edge
tagTransmogc017_axe=Illusion: Reaper's Touch
tagTransmogc018_axe=Illusion: Gorefeast
tagTransmogc019_axe=Illusion: Storm's Edge
tagTransmogc020_axe=Illusion: Krieg's Cleaver
tagTransmogc021_axe=Illusion: Maleficus
tagTransmogc022_axe=Illusion: Doomsaw of Gluttony
tagTransmogc023_axe=Illusion: Thirsting Maw
tagTransmogc024_axe=Illusion: Immaterial Edge
tagTransmogc025_axe=Illusion: Bloodreaper's Cleaver

tagTransmogd001_axe=Illusion: Butcher of Burrwitch
tagTransmogd002_axe=Illusion: Crescent Moon
tagTransmogd003_axe=Illusion: Brutallax
tagTransmogd004_axe=Illusion: Earthsplitter
tagTransmogd005_axe=Illusion: Damnation
tagTransmogd006_axe=Illusion: Deathmarked Decapitator


#########################
#####	blunt1h	

tagTransmogTextBlunt1h=Knock 'em up in style. No, not that...

tagTransmoga00_blunt001=Illusion: Club
tagTransmoga01_blunt001=Illusion: Mace
tagTransmoga01_blunt002=Illusion: Mace
tagTransmoga02_blunt001=Illusion: Ball Mace
tagTransmoga02_blunt002=Illusion: Flanged Mace
tagTransmoga02_blunt003=Illusion: Club
tagTransmoga03_blunt001=Illusion: Morningstar
tagTransmoga03_blunt002=Illusion: Mallet
tagTransmoga04_blunt001=Illusion: Flanged Mace
tagTransmoga04_blunt002=Illusion: Truncheon
tagTransmoga04_blunt003=Illusion: Club
tagTransmoga05_blunt001=Illusion: Bladed Mace
tagTransmoga05_blunt002=Illusion: Bludgeon
tagTransmoga06_blunt001=Illusion: Bludgeon
tagTransmoga06_blunt002=Illusion: Warhammer
tagTransmoga07_blunt001=Illusion: Morningstar
tagTransmoga07_blunt002=Illusion: Warhammer
tagTransmoga07_blunt003=Illusion: Warhammer
tagTransmoga08_blunt001=Illusion: Bladed Mace
tagTransmoga08_blunt002=Illusion: Warmace
tagTransmoga09_blunt001=Illusion: Bladed Mace
tagTransmoga09_blunt002=Illusion: Warhammer
tagTransmoga10_blunt001=Illusion: Warhammer
tagTransmoga11_blunt001=Illusion: Warmace
tagTransmoga11_blunt002=Illusion: Mallet

tagTransmogb001_blunta=Illusion: Warden's Verdict
tagTransmogb001_bluntb=Illusion: Warden's Judgement
tagTransmogb004_blunt=Illusion: Spectral Morningstar
tagTransmogb005_blunt=Illusion: Spectral Bludgeon
tagTransmogb006_blunt=Illusion: Kilrian's Skullbreaker
tagTransmogb007a_torch=Illusion: Skinner's Torch
tagTransmogb007b2_torch=Illusion: Skinner's Torch
tagTransmogb009_blunt=Illusion: Adept's Bladed Mace
tagTransmogb010_blunt=Illusion: Adept's Morningstar
tagTransmogb011_blunt=Illusion: Adept's Flanged Mace
tagTransmogb012a_blunt=Illusion: Mutant Arm
tagTransmogb013a_blunt=Illusion: Mutant Bludgeon


tagTransmogc009_blunt=Illusion: Defiance
tagTransmogc010_blunt=Illusion: Aethersteel Arbiter
tagTransmogc011_blunt=Illusion: Fist of the Blind Assassin
tagTransmogc013_blunt=Illusion: Black Hand of Sanar'Siin
tagTransmogc014_blunt=Illusion: Progenitor
tagTransmogc015_blunt=Illusion: War's Rebuke
tagTransmogc016_blunt=Illusion: Gavel of Barthollem
tagTransmogc017_blunt=Illusion: Chillsteel Redeemer
tagTransmogc018_blunt=Illusion: Aetherwoe
tagTransmogc019_blunt=Illusion: Anarchy
tagTransmogc020_blunt=Illusion: Touch of Malice
tagTransmogc021_blunt=Illusion: Bonesnap Gavel
tagTransmogc022_blunt=Illusion: Sacred Hammer of Eternal Wrath
tagTransmogc023_blunt=Illusion: Blessed Torch
tagTransmogc024_blunt=Illusion: Spiritcrusher
tagTransmogc025_blunt=Illusion: Guardsman's Hammer

tagTransmogd001_blunt=Illusion: Death Omen
tagTransmogd002_blunt=Illusion: Beacon of the Winter's Veil
tagTransmogd003_blunt=Illusion: Agony
tagTransmogd004_blunt=Illusion: Herald of Blazing Ends
tagTransmogd005_blunt=Illusion: Plaguebearer of Dreeg
tagTransmogd006_blunt=Illusion: Dawnbreaker's Sledge
tagTransmogm01_groblestaff001=Illusion: Crude Staff
tagTransmogm03_groblestaff001=Illusion: Pine Staff
tagTransmogm05_groblestaff001=Illusion: Cedar Staff
tagWeaponArcaneA006=Oak Staff
tagTransmogm07_groblestaff001=Illusion: Blackwood Staff


#########################
#####	caster	

tagTransmogTextCaster=Who doesn't sparkle these days?

tagTransmoga01_dagger001=Illusion: Sacrifical Knife 
tagTransmoga02_scepter001=Illusion: Wand 
tagTransmoga03_scepter001=Illusion: Scepter
tagTransmoga04_dagger001=Illusion: Arcane Dagger
tagTransmoga04_scepter001=Illusion: Arcane Wand
tagTransmoga05_dagger001=Illusion: Spellblade
tagTransmoga06_scepter001=Illusion: Ritual Wand
tagTransmoga07_scepter001=Illusion: Ritual Scepter
tagTransmoga08_dagger001=Illusion: Ritual Blade
tagTransmoga09_dagger001=Illusion: Exalted Dagger
tagTransmoga09_scepter001=Illusion: Exalted Scepter
tagTransmogb000_dagger=Illusion: Sacrifical Knife
tagTransmogb001_dagger001=Illusion: Adept's Dagger
tagTransmogb002_dagger001=Illusion: Adept's Spellblade
tagTransmogb003_dagger001=Illusion: Master's Spellblade
tagTransmogb004_scepter001=Illusion: Adept's Wand
tagTransmogb005_scepter001=Illusion: Adept's Scepter
tagTransmogb006_scepter001=Illusion: Master's Scepter
tagTransmogb007a_dagger=Illusion: Witch's Spellblade
tagTransmogb008a_dagger=Illusion: Boneshiv
tagTransmogb009a_dagger=Illusion: Bonespike
tagTransmogb010a_dagger=Illusion: Rift Scourge Claw
tagTransmogb011a_dagger=Illusion: Rift Scourge Slicer
tagTransmogb012a_scepter=Illusion: Bloodsworn Wand
tagTransmogb013a_scepter=Illusion: Bloodsworn Scepter
tagTransmogb014a_dagger=Illusion: Loxmere's Frostblade
tagTransmogb015a_dagger=Illusion: Slithtongue

tagTransmogc011_scepter=Illusion: Sparkstone Scepter
tagTransmogc012_scepter=Illusion: Firestorm Scepter

tagTransmogc016_dagger=Illusion: Spellweaver
tagTransmogc017_scepter=Illusion: Blightstone Invoker
tagTransmogc018_scepter=Illusion: Cosmic Invoker
tagTransmogc019_scepter=Illusion: Stormtrap
tagTransmogc020_dagger=Illusion: Hellrune Carver
tagTransmogc021_dagger=Illusion: Glacierborn Spellblade
tagTransmogc022_dagger=Illusion: Bloodied Dagger of the Covenant
tagTransmogc023_scepter=Illusion: Blackwood Wand
tagTransmogc024_scepter=Illusion: Burning Hatred
tagTransmogc025_scepter=Illusion: Spellfire Wand
tagTransmogc026_scepter=Illusion: Chillheart Scepter
tagTransmogc027_dagger=Illusion: Stormcaller's Spellblade
tagTransmogc028_dagger=Illusion: Voidblade
tagTransmogc029_dagger=Illusion: Plagueblood Carver
tagTransmogc030_dagger=Illusion: Soulcarver
tagTransmogc031_scepter=Illusion: Cortosian Invoker
tagTransmogc032_scepter=Illusion: Coldsnap
tagTransmogc033_scepter=Illusion: Lifebinder
tagTransmogc034_dagger=Illusion: Skyshard Spellblade
tagTransmogc035_dagger=Illusion: Tainted Blade of Nera'Val
tagTransmogc036_dagger=Illusion: Fiendblood Spellblade
tagTransmogd001_scepter=Illusion: Touch of Purity
tagTransmogd002_scepter=Illusion: Black Scourge
tagTransmogd003_scepter=Illusion: Wrath of the Ascendant
tagTransmogd004_scepter=Illusion: Soulbearer
tagTransmogd005_scepter=Illusion: Olexra's Chill
tagTransmogd006_scepter=Illusion: Panetti's Replicating Wand
tagTransmogd007_scepter=Illusion: Spark of Ultos
tagTransmogd008_dagger=Illusion: Shard of Asterkarn
tagTransmogd009_dagger=Illusion: Venomlash
tagTransmogd010_dagger=Illusion: Warpfire
tagTransmogd011_dagger=Illusion: Temporal Tempest
tagTransmogd012_dagger=Illusion: Dracarris
tagTransmogd013_dagger=Illusion: Fang of Ch'thon
tagTransmogd014_dagger=Illusion: Basilisk Claw
tagTransmogd015_scepter=Illusion: Clairvoyant's Wand
tagTransmogd016_dagger=Illusion: Runed Dagger of Dreeg
tagTransmogd017_scepter=Illusion: Trozan's Starkeeper



#########################
#####	melee2h

tagTransmogTextMelee2h=For those who must compensate for something.

tagTransmoga01_axe2h001=Illusion: Great Axe
tagTransmoga01_sword2h001=Illusion: Greatsword
tagTransmoga02_blunt2h001=Illusion: Maul
tagTransmoga03_axe2h001=Illusion: Great Axe
tagTransmoga03_sword2h001=Illusion: Warsword
tagTransmoga04_blunt2h001=Illusion: Maul
tagTransmoga04_sword2h001=Illusion: Claymore
tagTransmoga05_axe2h001=Illusion: Scythe
tagTransmoga06_blunt2h001=Illusion: Sledgehammer
tagTransmoga06_sword2h001=Illusion: Claymore
tagTransmoga07_axe2h001=Illusion: Halberd
tagTransmoga07_blunt2h001=Illusion: Warmaul
tagTransmoga08_axe2h001=Illusion: War Axe
tagTransmoga08_sword2h001=Illusion: Claymore
tagTransmoga09_blunt2h001=Illusion: Warmaul
tagTransmoga09_sword2h001=Illusion: Warsword
tagTransmoga10_axe2h001=Illusion: Halberd
tagTransmoga10_sword2h001=Illusion: Greatsword
tagTransmoga11_axe2h001=Illusion: War Axe
tagTransmoga11_blunt2h001=Illusion: Sledgehammer
tagTransmoga11_sword2h001=Illusion: Claymore
tagTransmogb001a_blunt2h=Illusion: Troll Bonesmasher
tagTransmogb002a_blunt2h=Illusion: Troll Bonecrusher
tagTransmogb003_axe2h=Illusion: Brutal Great Axe
tagTransmogb004_axe2h=Illusion: Brutal Carver
tagTransmogb005_axe2h=Illusion: Brutal Decapitator
tagTransmogb006a_axe2h=Illusion: Alkamos' Scythe
tagTransmogb007a_axe2h=Illusion: Spectral War Axe
tagTransmogb008a_blunt2h=Illusion: Spectral Warmaul
tagTransmogb009a_sword2h=Illusion: Alkamos' Warsword
tagTransmogb010a_blunt2h=Illusion: Archon's Warmaul
tagTransmogb011a_axe2h=Illusion: Obsidian Headsplitter
tagTransmogb012a_axe2h=Illusion: Obsidian War Cleaver
tagTransmogb013a_sword2h=Illusion: Hevill's Greatsword

tagTransmogc013_sword2h=Illusion: Razorleaf Glaive
tagTransmogc014_axe2h=Illusion: Scythe of Tenebris
tagTransmogc015_blunt2h=Illusion: Warhammer of Heavenly Judgment
tagTransmogc016_axe2h=Illusion: Champion of the Light
tagTransmogc017_axe2h=Illusion: Wildcaller's Decapitator
tagTransmogc018_blunt2h=Illusion: Shar'Zul's Furnace
tagTransmogc019_sword2h=Illusion: Wrathmourne
tagTransmogc020_axe2h=Illusion: Trollgut Eviscerator
tagTransmogc021_axe2h=Illusion: Blessed Cleaver of Mogdrogen
tagTransmogc022_sword2h=Illusion: Gutwrench Eviscerator
tagTransmogc023_axe2h=Illusion: Massacre
tagTransmogc024_sword2h=Illusion: Slithbane
tagTransmogc025_axe2h=Illusion: Falcon's Claw
tagTransmogc026_blunt2h=Illusion: Tremor
tagTransmogc027_sword2h=Illusion: Conduit
tagTransmogc028_axe2h=Illusion: Boneshard Lacerator
tagTransmogc029_blunt2h=Illusion: Golemfist Gavel
tagTransmogc030_sword2h=Illusion: Wrathblade
tagTransmogc031_axe2h=Illusion: Farmstead Liberator
tagTransmogc032_blunt2h=Illusion: Alvarick's Rebuke
tagTransmogc033_axe2h=Illusion: Prismatic Eviscerator
tagTransmogc034_blunt2h=Illusion: Shar'Zul's Incinerator
tagTransmogc035_axe2h=Illusion: Wildcaller's Decapitator
tagTransmogd001_blunt2h=Illusion: Stonefist Rebuke
tagTransmogd002_axe2h=Illusion: The Guillotine
tagTransmogd003_sword2h=Illusion: Nightshade's Reach
tagTransmogd004_blunt2h=Illusion: Obsidian Juggernaut
tagTransmogd005_blunt2h=Illusion: Infernal Brimstone
tagTransmogd006_axe2h=Illusion: Stormreaver
tagTransmogd007_sword2h=Illusion: Bane of the Winter King
tagTransmogd008_sword2h=Illusion: Temporal Arcblade
tagTransmogd009_blunt2h=Illusion: Wildblood Crusher
tagTransmogd010_axe2h=Illusion: Ultos' Stormseeker
tagTransmogd011_blunt2h=Illusion: Leviathan



#########################
#####	guns2h

tagTransmogTextGuns2h=

tagTransmoga01_gun2h000=Illusion: Musket
tagTransmoga01_gun2h001=Illusion: Musket
tagTransmoga01_gun2h002=Illusion: Flintlock Rifle
tagTransmoga01_gun2h003=Illusion: Crossbow
tagTransmoga02_gun2h001=Illusion: Bolt-Action Rifle
tagTransmoga02_gun2h002=Illusion: Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga02_gun2h003=Illusion: Crossbow
tagTransmoga03_gun2h001=Illusion: Bolt-Action Rifle
tagTransmoga03_gun2h002=Illusion: Revolving Cannon
tagTransmoga03_gun2h003=Illusion: Arbalest
tagTransmoga04_gun2h001=Illusion: Repeating Rifle
tagTransmoga04_gun2h002=Illusion: Shotgun
tagTransmoga04_gun2h003=Illusion: Heavy Crossbow
tagTransmoga05_gun2h001=Illusion: Carbine
tagTransmoga05_gun2h002=Illusion: Revolving Cannon
tagTransmoga05_gun2h003=Illusion: Arbalest
tagTransmoga06_gun2h001=Illusion: Carbine
tagTransmoga06_gun2h002=Illusion: Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga06_gun2h003=Illusion: Arbalest
tagTransmoga07_gun2h001=Illusion: Carbine
tagTransmoga07_gun2h002=Illusion: Breechloading Rifle
tagTransmoga07_gun2h003=Illusion: Crossbow
tagTransmoga08_gun2h001=Illusion: Revolving Rifle
tagTransmoga08_gun2h002=Illusion: Shotgun
tagTransmoga08_gun2h003=Illusion: Scorpion
tagTransmoga09_gun2h001=Illusion: Carbine
tagTransmoga09_gun2h002=Illusion: Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga10_gun2h001=Illusion: Shotgun
tagTransmoga10_gun2h003=Illusion: Scorpion
tagTransmoga11_gun2h001=Illusion: Carbine
tagTransmoga11_gun2h003=Illusion: Scorpion
tagTransmogb001_gun2h=Illusion: Spectral Crossbow
tagTransmogb002_gun2h=Illusion: Spectral Arbalest
tagTransmogb003_gun2h=Illusion: Rotating Rifle
tagTransmogb004_gun2h=Illusion: Frontloading Rifle
tagTransmogb005_gun2h=Illusion: Shrapnel Gun
tagTransmogb006a_gun2h=Illusion: Fleshwarped Rifle
tagTransmogb007a_gun2h=Illusion: Fleshwarped Carbine
tagTransmogb008a_gun2h=Illusion: Ghavlin's Crossbow

tagTransmogc012_gun2h=Illusion: Wretched Crow of Bysmiel
tagTransmogc013_gun2h=Illusion: Ulda'Jax

tagTransmogc017_gun2h=Illusion: Wrathbringer
tagTransmogc018_gun2h=Illusion: Thunderclap

tagTransmogc020_gun2h=Illusion: Sharpshooter's Bolt Rifle

tagTransmogc022_gun2h=Illusion: Nar's Arcane Destroyer
tagTransmogc023_gun2h=Illusion: Warpbreath Arbalest
tagTransmogc024_gun2h=Illusion: Wrathsteel Repeater
tagTransmogc025_gun2h=Illusion: Flame Keeper's Repeater
tagTransmogc026_gun2h=Illusion: Boltspitter
tagTransmogc027_gun2h=Illusion: Malady
tagTransmogc028_gun2h=Illusion: Curse of Burrwitch
tagTransmogc029_gun2h=Illusion: Blackwood Arbalest
tagTransmogc030_gun2h=Illusion: Frigid Quillbreath
tagTransmogc031_gun2h=Illusion: Stake-Thrower
tagTransmogc032_gun2h=Illusion: Arachnid's Embrace
tagTransmogc033_gun2h=Illusion: Sparkbolt Arbalest
tagTransmogc034_gun2h=Illusion: Huntsman
tagTransmogc035_gun2h=Illusion: Eye
tagTransmogc036_gun2h=Illusion: Hellmaw Shotgun
tagTransmogc037_gun2h=Illusion: Devil's Mark
tagTransmogc038_gun2h=Illusion: Will of Fate
tagTransmogc039_gun2h=Illusion: Scarlet Marksman
tagTransmogc040_gun2h=Illusion: Salt-core Bolter
tagTransmogc041_gun2h=Illusion: Brimstone Repeater

tagTransmogd001_gun2h=Illusion: Silverbolt
tagTransmogd002_gun2h=Illusion: Quillthrower of Dreeg
tagTransmogd003_gun2h=Illusion: The Northern Wyrm
tagTransmogd004_gun2h=Illusion: Raka'Jax
tagTransmogd005_gun2h=Illusion: The Adversary
tagTransmogd006_gun2h=Illusion: Witching Hour
tagTransmogd007_gun2h=Illusion: Hellborne
tagTransmogd008_gun2h=Illusion: Vortex of Souls
tagTransmogd009_gun2h=Illusion: Gutripper
tagTransmogd010_gun2h=Illusion: Harbinger of Eternal Suffering
tagTransmogd011_gun2h=Illusion: Ulzuin's Flamespreader
tagTransmogd012_gun2h=Illusion: Valdun's Rifle



#########################
#####	guns1h

tagTransmogTextGuns1h=

tagTransmoga01_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand-Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga01_gun1h002=Illusion: Howdah
tagTransmoga02_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand-Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga02_gun1h002=Illusion: Pepperbox Gun
tagTransmoga03_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand Cannon
tagTransmoga03_gun1h002=Illusion: Howdah
tagTransmoga04_gun1h001=Illusion: Revolver
tagTransmoga04_gun1h002=Illusion: Sixgun
tagTransmoga04_gun1h003=Illusion: Pepperbox Gun
tagTransmoga05_gun1h001=Illusion: Derringer
tagTransmoga05_gun1h002=Illusion: Howdah
tagTransmoga06_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand-Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga06_gun1h002=Illusion: Repeater
tagTransmoga06_gun1h003=Illusion: Scope Revolver
tagTransmoga07_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand Cannon
tagTransmoga07_gun1h002=Illusion: Sixgun
tagTransmoga07_gun1h003=Illusion: Volley Gun
tagTransmoga08_gun1h001=Illusion: Howdah
tagTransmoga08_gun1h002=Illusion: Revolver
tagTransmoga09_gun1h001=Illusion: Howdah
tagTransmoga10_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand-Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga10_gun1h002=Illusion: Volley Gun
tagTransmoga11_gun1h001=Illusion: Hand-Blunderbuss
tagTransmoga11_gun1h002=Illusion: Derringer
tagTransmogb001_gun1h=Illusion: Double-Barrel Pistol
tagTransmogb002_gun1h=Illusion: Hand Mortar
tagTransmogb003_gun1h=Illusion: Shrapnel Pistol
tagTransmogb004a_gun1h=Illusion: Bloodsworn Pistol
tagTransmogb005a_gun1h=Illusion: Bloodsworn Repeater
tagTransmogb006a_gun1h=Illusion: Francis' Gun

tagTransmogc013_gun1h=Illusion: The Mediator
tagTransmogc014_gun1h=Illusion: Frigid Barrel of the Relentless North
tagTransmogc015_gun1h=Illusion: Burrwitch Peacekeeper

tagTransmogc018_gun1h=Illusion: Corpseflayer
tagTransmogc019_gun1h=Illusion: Earthscorcher
tagTransmogc020_gun1h=Illusion: Chillborer
tagTransmogc021_gun1h=Illusion: Leander Greene's Hand Cannon
tagTransmogc022_gun1h=Illusion: Witchstalker
tagTransmogc023_gun1h=Illusion: Orwell's Revolver
tagTransmogc024_gun1h=Illusion: Slugger
tagTransmogc025_gun1h=Illusion: 3rd Company's Revolver
tagTransmogc026_gun1h=Illusion: Mutiny
tagTransmogc027_gun1h=Illusion: Outlaw's Retribution
tagTransmogc028_gun1h=Illusion: Slime Bolter
tagTransmogc029_gun1h=Illusion: Soulflayer
tagTransmogc030_gun1h=Illusion: Plagueborne Revolver
tagTransmogc031_gun1h=Illusion: Marauder's Fury
tagTransmogc032_gun1h=Illusion: Marauder's Justice
tagTransmogc033_gun1h=Illusion: Apothecary's Injector
tagTransmogc034_gun1h=Illusion: Oathbreaker
tagTransmogd001_gun1h=Illusion: Deviltongue
tagTransmogd002_gun1h=Illusion: Havoc
tagTransmogd003_gun1h=Illusion: Exonerator
tagTransmogd004_gun1h=Illusion: Exterminus
tagTransmogd005_gun1h=Illusion: Arcanum Sigillis
tagTransmogd006_gun1h=Illusion: Deathdealer's Sidearm
tagTransmogd007_gun1h=Illusion: Demonslayer's Life-Ender
tagTransmogd008_gun1h=Illusion: Barrelsmith's Salvo
tagTransmogd009_gun1h=Illusion: Barrelsmith's Crossfire


#########################
#####	chest

tagTransmogTextChest=

tagTransmogChest01=Illusion: Chestname
tagTransmoga00_torso001=Illusion: Clothing1
tagTransmoga00_torso002=Illusion: Clothing Blue
tagTransmoga00_torso003=Illusion: Clothing White
tagTransmoga00_torso004=Illusion: Patchwork Jacket
tagTransmoga01_torso001=Illusion: Novice Tunic
tagTransmoga01_torso002=Illusion: Quilted Coat
tagTransmoga01_torso003=Illusion: Leather Jacket
tagTransmoga02_torso001=Illusion: Leather Coat
tagTransmoga02_torso001b=Illusion: Quilted Armor
tagTransmoga02_torso002=Illusion: Salvaged Armor
tagTransmoga02_torso003=Illusion: Hide Jacket
tagTransmoga02_torso004=Illusion: Apprentice Tunic
tagTransmoga03_torso001=Illusion: Patchwork Doublet
tagTransmoga03_torso001b=Illusion: Brigandine Armor
tagTransmoga03_torso002=Illusion: Padded Trenchcoat
tagTransmoga03_torso003=Illusion: Brigandine Jacket
tagTransmoga03_torso004=Illusion: Leather Vestment
tagTransmoga04_torso001=Illusion: Engraved Coat
tagTransmoga04_torso002=Illusion: Plate Armor
tagTransmoga04_torso003=Illusion: Salvaged Breastplate
tagTransmoga04_torso004=Illusion: Restored Raiment
tagTransmoga05_torso001=Illusion: Infantry Doublet
tagTransmoga05_torso001b=Illusion: Chain Armor
tagTransmoga05_torso002=Illusion: Combat Trenchcoat
tagTransmoga05_torso003=Illusion: Infantry Chestguard
tagTransmoga05_torso004=Illusion: Embroidered Raiment
tagTransmoga06_torso001=Illusion: Bronze Cuirass
tagTransmoga06_torso002=Illusion: Splinted Surcoat
tagTransmoga06_torso003=Illusion: Plate Harness
tagTransmoga06_torso004=Illusion: Ornate Robe
tagTransmoga07_torso001=Illusion: Frontier Hauberk
tagTransmoga07_torso002=Illusion: Heavy Surcoat
tagTransmoga07_torso004=Illusion: Gilded Vestment
tagTransmoga08_torso001=Illusion: Hinterland Breastplate
tagTransmoga08_torso002=Illusion: Assault Chainmail
tagTransmoga08_torso004=Illusion: Opulent Robe
tagTransmoga09_torso001=Illusion: Imperial Hauberk
tagTransmoga09_torso002=Illusion: Imperial Platemail
tagTransmoga09_torso004=Illusion: Imperial Raiment
tagTransmoga10_torso001=Illusion: Assault Hauberk6
tagTransmoga10_torso002=Illusion: Exalted Platemail
tagTransmoga10_torso004=Illusion: Exalted Vestment
b001 bcd b002 bc
tagTransmogb002d_torso=Illusion: Murderer's Breastplate
b003ab
tagTransmogb003c_torso=Illusion: Fortified Doublet
b006ab
tagTransmogb006c_torso=Illusion: Haunted Robes
b007ab
tagTransmogb007c_torso=Illusion: Haunted Vestment
b008ab
tagTransmogb008c_torso=Illusion: Ascended Robes
b009ab
tagTransmogb009c_torso=Illusion: Ascended Vestment
b010abc
tagTransmogb010d_torso=Illusion: Fleshwarped Cuirass
b011abc
tagTransmogb011d_torso=Illusion: Fleshwarped Platemail
b012abc b013ab
tagTransmogb013c_torso=Illusion: Bloodsworn Vestments
c000-c006
tagTransmogc007_torso=Illusion: Explorer's Tunic
c008-c011
tagTransmogc012_torso=Illusion: Obsidian-Plate Cuirass
tagTransmogc013_torso=Illusion: Magnison's Trench Coat
tagTransmogc014_torso=Illusion: Vestment of Mourning
tagTransmogc015_torso=Illusion: Spidersilk Hauberk
tagTransmogc016_torso=Illusion: Cloth of Unspeakable Invocation
c017 c018
tagTransmogc019_torso=Illusion: Stealth Jacket of the Blind Assassin
tagTransmogc020_torso=Illusion: Sharpshooter's Coat
tagTransmogc021_torso=Illusion: Dawnguard Plate
c022 c023
tagTransmogc024_torso=Illusion: Eastern Robes
c025
tagTransmogc026_torso=Illusion: Wildspeaker Coat
tagTransmogc027_torso=Illusion: Praetorian Chestguard
tagTransmogc028_torso=Illusion: Voidforged Battle Plate
tagTransmogc029_torso=Illusion: Flame Keeper's Jacket
tagTransmogc030_torso=Illusion: Callidor's Vestments
tagTransmogc031_torso=Illusion: Myrmidon Chestguard
tagTransmogc032_torso=Illusion: Surcoat of Mogdrogen
tagTransmogc033_torso=Illusion: Nighthunter's Chestguard
tagTransmogc034_torso=Illusion: Gunslinger's Jacket
tagTransmogc035_torso=Illusion: Malduin's Cloth
tagTransmogc036_torso=Illusion: Doomforged Breastplate
tagTransmogc037_torso=Illusion: Fanatic's Overcoat
tagTransmogc038_torso=Illusion: Fused Carapace Armor
tagTransmogc039_torso=Illusion: Skinflayer Raiment
tagTransmogc040_torso=Illusion: Zolhan's Battle Plate
tagTransmogc041_torso=Illusion: Guardsman's Breastplate
tagTransmogc043_torso=Illusion: Bloodreaper's Coat
tagTransmogc044_torso=Illusion: Miasma Robes
tagTransmogc045_torso=Illusion: Wildcaller's Skins
tagTransmogc046_torso=Illusion: Herald's Jacket
tagTransmogc047_torso=Illusion: Chestguard of Perdition
d000
tagTransmogd001_torso=Illusion: Fiendscale Jacket
tagTransmogd002_torso=Illusion: Devil's Cage Hauberk
tagTransmogd003_torso=Illusion: Shroud of Illusion
tagTransmogd004_torso=Illusion: Vestments of the Great Guardian
tagTransmogd005_torso=Illusion: Dread Armor of Azragor
tagTransmogd006_torso=Illusion: Korvoran's Chestguard
tagTransmogd007_torso=Illusion: Fiendmaster Raiment
tagTransmogd008_torso=Illusion: Divinesteel Hauberk
tagTransmogd009_torso=Illusion: Chestguard of Justice
tagTransmogd010_torso=Illusion: Beastcaller's Shroud
tagTransmogd011_torso=Illusion: Demonslayer's Jacket
tagTransmogd012_torso=Illusion: Clairvoyant's Robe
tagTransmogd013_torso=Illusion: Markovian's Platemail
tagTransmogd014_torso=Illusion: Ulzuin's Chestguard
tagTransmogd015_torso=Illusion: Vestments of Dreeg
tagTransmogd016_torso=Illusion: Deathmarked Jacket
tagTransmogd017_torso=Illusion: Iskandra's Vestments
tagTransmogd018_torso=Illusion: Ultos' Cuirass
tagTransmogd019_torso=Illusion: Frostdread Cuirass
tagTransmogd020_torso=Illusion: Trozan's Vestments
tagTransmogd021_torso=Illusion: Valdun's Jacket
tagTransmogm01_torso002=Illusion: Bloodstained Tunic
tagTransmogm01_torso002b=Illusion: Bloodstained Robes
tagTransmogm01_torso001=Illusion: Air
tagTransmogm01_torso001a=Illusion: Air Tan
tagTransmogm01_torso001b=Illusion: Air Brown
tagTransmogm01_torso001c=Illusion: Air Grey
tagTransmogm01_torso001d=Illusion: Air Belt
tagTransmogm01_torso001e=Illusion: Air Bandolier
tagTransmogm01_torso001f=Illusion: Air Bandolier Tan



#########################
#####	feet

tagTransmogTextFeet=Trotters for every occasion.

tagTransmoga01_feet01=Illusion: Footpads
tagTransmoga01_feet02=Illusion: Boots1
tagTransmoga02_feet01=Illusion: Boots2
tagTransmoga02_feet02=Illusion: Greaves1
tagTransmoga03_feet01=Illusion: Greaves2
tagTransmoga03_feet02=Illusion: Treads1
tagTransmoga04_feet01=Illusion: Boots3
tagTransmoga04_feet02=Illusion: Boots4
tagTransmoga05_feet01=Illusion: Greaves3
tagTransmoga05_feet02=Illusion: Boots5
tagTransmoga06_feet01=Illusion: Sabatons1
tagTransmoga06_feet02=Illusion: Treads2
tagTransmoga07_feet01=Illusion: Greaves4
tagTransmoga07_feet02=Illusion: Greaves5
tagTransmoga08_feet01=Illusion: Sabatons2
tagTransmoga08_feet02=Illusion: Treads3
tagTransmoga09_feet01=Illusion: Sabatons3
tagTransmoga09_feet02=Illusion: Treads4
tagTransmogb001_feet=Illusion: Adept's Boots
tagTransmogb002_feet=Illusion: Squire's Boots
tagTransmogb003_feet=Illusion: Adept's Greaves
tagTransmogb004_feet=Illusion: Squire's Greaves
c00-c004
tagTransmogc005_feet=Illusion: Explorer's Footpads
c006-c009
tagTransmogc010_feet=Illusion: Hellion Greaves
tagTransmogc011_feet=Illusion: Serpentine Wraps
tagTransmogc012_feet=Illusion: Desecrator Treads
tagTransmogc013_feet=Illusion: Spellsage Boots
tagTransmogc014_feet=Illusion: Magelord's Greaves
tagTransmogc015_feet=Illusion: Molten Walkers
tagTransmogc016_feet=Illusion: Windborne Greaves
tagTransmogc017_feet=Illusion: Boots of Unseeing Swiftness
tagTransmogc018_feet=Illusion: Stonewrought Groundbreakers
tagTransmogc019_feet=Illusion: Bloodhound Greaves
tagTransmogc020_feet=Illusion: Final March
tagTransmogc021_feet=Illusion: Rifthound Leather Boots
tagTransmogc022_feet=Illusion: Dreadnought Footpads
d000
tagTransmogd001_feet=Illusion: Golemborn Greaves
tagTransmogd002_feet=Illusion: Wyrmscale Footguards
tagTransmogd003_feet=Illusion: Venomspine Greaves
tagTransmogd004_feet=Illusion: Voidwalker Footpads
tagTransmogd005_feet=Illusion: Boneshatter Treads
tagTransmogd006_feet=Illusion: Wraithwalkers
tagTransmogd007_feet=Illusion: Windshear Greaves
tagTransmogd008_feet=Illusion: Stormtitan Treads
tagTransmogd009_feet=Illusion: Footpads of the Grey Magi
tagTransmogd010_feet=Illusion: Earthshatter Treads


#########################
#####	hands

tagTransmogTextHands=

tagTransmoga01_hands01=Illusion: Grips1
tagTransmoga01_hands02=Illusion: Grips2
tagTransmoga02_hands01=Illusion: Gloves1
tagTransmoga02_hands02=Illusion: Gauntlets1
tagTransmoga03_hands01=Illusion: Vambraces1
tagTransmoga03_hands02=Illusion: Gloves2
tagTransmoga04_hands01=Illusion: Gloves3
tagTransmoga04_hands02=Illusion: Gauntlets2
tagTransmoga05_hands01=Illusion: Vambraces2
tagTransmoga05_hands02=Illusion: Handguards1
tagTransmoga06_hands01=Illusion: Gloves4
tagTransmoga06_hands02=Illusion: Gauntlets3
tagTransmoga07_hands01=Illusion: Gauntlets4
tagTransmoga07_hands02=Illusion: Handguards2
tagTransmoga08_hands01=Illusion: Gauntlets5
tagTransmoga08_hands02=Illusion: Handguards3
tagTransmoga09_hands01=Illusion: Vambraces3
tagTransmoga09_hands02=Illusion: Handguards4
tagTransmogb001_hands=Illusion: Adept's Gloves
tagTransmogb002_hands=Illusion: Squire's Gauntlets
tagTransmogb003_hands=Illusion: Adept's Grips
tagTransmogb004_hands=Illusion: Squire's Handguards
c000-c008
tagTransmogc009_hands=Illusion: Runic Bracers
tagTransmogc010_hands=Illusion: Blacksteel Gauntlets
tagTransmogc011_hands=Illusion: Silktouch Handwraps
c013,c014
tagTransmogc015_hands=Illusion: Dawnguard Gauntlets
c016,c017
tagTransmogc018_hands=Illusion: Eastern Gloves
c019
tagTransmogc020_hands=Illusion: Obsidian Grasp
tagTransmogc021_hands=Illusion: Doomtouch
tagTransmogc022_hands=Illusion: Dreadchill Grasp
tagTransmogc023_hands=Illusion: Shadow's Grasp
tagTransmogc024_hands=Illusion: Zealot's Gauntlets
tagTransmogc025_hands=Illusion: Bladedancer's Handguards
tagTransmogc026_hands=Illusion: Spellbinder's Grip
tagTransmogc027_hands=Illusion: Soul's Touch
tagTransmogc028_hands=Illusion: Embergrip Handguards
tagTransmogc029_hands=Illusion: Inscribed Bracers
tagTransmogc030_hands=Illusion: Brawler's Gloves
tagTransmogc031_hands=Illusion: Quickdraw Gloves
tagTransmogc032_hands=Illusion: Thundertouch Bracers
tagTransmogc033_hands=Illusion: Marauder's Gloves
tagTransmogc034_hands=Illusion: Apothecary's Touch
tagTransmogc035_hands=Illusion: Handguards of Perdition
d000
tagTransmogd001_hands=Illusion: Grasp of Unchained Might
tagTransmogd002_hands=Illusion: Touch of the Everliving Grove
tagTransmogd003_hands=Illusion: Voidsteel Gauntlets
tagTransmogd004_hands=Illusion: Necromancer's Deathgrips
tagTransmogd005_hands=Illusion: Wyrmbone Handguards
tagTransmogd006_hands=Illusion: Iceskorn Talons
tagTransmogd007_hands=Illusion: Viperfang Grips
tagTransmogd008_hands=Illusion: Aethereach
tagTransmogd009_hands=Illusion: Colossal Grasp
tagTransmogd010_hands=Illusion: Handguards of Justice
tagTransmogd011_hands=Illusion: Harbinger's Grasp


#########################
#####	head

tagTransmogTextHead=

b001-bc b002-bc b003-bc b004-bc  b005-bc b006-bc b011ab b012ab b013abc b014abc b015ab b016abcd
c000 c001 c002 c003 c004 c005 c006 c008 c009 c010 c011 c012 c017 c018 c024 c025 c026 d000
tagTransmoga01_head001=Illusion: Helm1
tagTransmoga01_head002=Illusion: Casque1
tagTransmoga01_head003=Illusion: Cap1
tagTransmoga01_head004=Illusion: Circlet1
tagTransmoga02_head001=Illusion: Cap2
tagTransmoga02_head002=Illusion: Helm2
tagTransmoga02_head003=Illusion: Hat1
tagTransmoga02_head005=Illusion: Coif Brown
tagTransmoga03_head001=Illusion: Cap3
tagTransmoga03_head002=Illusion: Helmet1
tagTransmoga03_head004=Illusion: Diadem1
tagTransmoga04_head001=Illusion: Helmet2
tagTransmoga04_head002=Illusion: Basinet1
tagTransmoga04_head003=Illusion: Hat2
tagTransmoga04_head005=Illusion: Hood1
tagTransmoga05_head001=Illusion: Mask1
tagTransmoga05_head002=Illusion: Helm3
tagTransmoga05_head004=Illusion: Coronet1
tagTransmoga06_head001=Illusion: Mask2
tagTransmoga06_head002=Illusion: Casque2
tagTransmoga06_head003=Illusion: Hat3
tagTransmoga06_head005=Illusion: Mask3
tagTransmoga07_head001=Illusion: Helm4
tagTransmoga07_head002=Illusion: Basinet2
tagTransmoga07_head004=Illusion: Diadem2
tagTransmoga08_head001=Illusion: Coif2
tagTransmoga08_head002=Illusion: Helm5
tagTransmoga08_head003=Illusion: Hat4
tagTransmoga08_head005=Illusion: Visage1
tagTransmoga09_head001=Illusion: Basinet3
tagTransmoga09_head002=Illusion: Casque3
tagTransmoga09_head004=Illusion: Coronet2
tagTransmoga10_head001=Illusion: Basinet4
tagTransmoga10_head002=Illusion: Helm6
tagTransmoga10_head003=Illusion: Hat5
tagTransmoga10_head005=Illusion: Visage
tagTransmogb001d_head=Illusion: Incendiary Helm
tagTransmogb002d_head=Illusion: Incendiary Casque
tagTransmogb003d_head=Illusion: Ascended Helm
tagTransmogb004d_head=Illusion: Ascended Casque
tagTransmogb005d_head=Illusion: Murderer's Coif
tagTransmogb006d_head=Illusion: Murderer's Cowl
tagTransmogb007_head=Illusion: Adept's Hood
tagTransmogb008_head=Illusion: Ranger's Helm
tagTransmogb009_head=Illusion: Adept's Circlet
tagTransmogb010_head=Illusion: Ranger's Casque
tagTransmogb011c_head=Illusion: Ascended Circlet
tagTransmogb012c_head=Illusion: Ascended Diadem
tagTransmogb013d_head=Illusion: Fleshwarped Helm
tagTransmogb014d_head=Illusion: Fleshwarped Casque
tagTransmogb015c_head=Illusion: Spectral Crown
tagTransmogb016e_head=Illusion: Milton's Casque
tagTransmogc007_head=Illusion: Explorer's Cover
tagTransmogc013_head=Illusion: Glory of the Silver Knight
tagTransmogc014_head=Illusion: Terror of the Grove
tagTransmogc015_head=Illusion: Spiritweaver Circlet
tagTransmogc016_head=Illusion: Shadowspark Hood
tagTransmogc019_head=Illusion: Cowl of the Blind Assassin
tagTransmogc020_head=Illusion: Sharpshooter's Glass Eye
tagTransmogc021_head=Illusion: Unholy Visage of the Covenant
tagTransmogc022_head=Illusion: Cowl of the Paragon
tagTransmogc023_head=Illusion: Dawnguard Helm
tagTransmogc027_head=Illusion: Praetorian Faceguard
tagTransmogc028_head=Illusion: Frostshard Crown
tagTransmogc029_head=Illusion: Circlet of Burning Rage
tagTransmogc030_head=Illusion: Eyes of the Reaper
tagTransmogc031_head=Illusion: Myrmidon Visor
tagTransmogc032_head=Illusion: Cowl of Mogdrogen
tagTransmogc033_head=Illusion: Stormcaller's Circlet
tagTransmogc034_head=Illusion: Berserker's Cowl
tagTransmogc035_head=Illusion: Nether Crown
tagTransmogc036_head=Illusion: Crown of Command
tagTransmogc037_head=Illusion: Templar's Headguard
tagTransmogc038_head=Illusion: Eye of the Beholder
tagTransmogc039_head=Illusion: Mask of Delirium
tagTransmogc040_head=Illusion: Tempest of the Void
tagTransmogc041_head=Illusion: Guardsman's Helm
tagTransmogc043_head=Illusion: Maiven's Hood
tagTransmogc044_head=Illusion: Bloodreaper's Cowl
tagTransmogc045_head=Illusion: Miasma Hood
tagTransmogc046_head=Illusion: Eyes of Flame
tagTransmogc047_head=Illusion: Wildcaller's Cowl
tagTransmogc048_head=Illusion: Herald's Mask
tagTransmogc049_head=Illusion: Faceguard of Perdition
tagTransmogd001_head=Illusion: Maw of Despair
tagTransmogd002_head=Illusion: Dread-Mask of Gurgoth
tagTransmogd003_head=Illusion: Whisperer of Secrets
tagTransmogd004_head=Illusion: Abyssal Mask
tagTransmogd005_head=Illusion: Circlet of the Great Serpent
tagTransmogd006_head=Illusion: Mask of Infernal Truth
tagTransmogd007_head=Illusion: Faceguard of Justice
tagTransmogd008_head=Illusion: Beastcaller's Cowl
tagTransmogd009_head=Illusion: Mask of the Harbinger
tagTransmogd010_head=Illusion: Demonslayer's Hat
tagTransmogd011_head=Illusion: Clairvoyant's Hat
tagTransmogd012_head=Illusion: Markovian's Visor
tagTransmogd013_head=Illusion: Ulzuin's Headguard
tagTransmogd014_head=Illusion: Hood of Dreeg
tagTransmogd015_head=Illusion: Deathmarked Hood
tagTransmogd016_head=Illusion: Iskandra's Hood
tagTransmogd017_head=Illusion: Ultos' Hood
tagTransmogd018_head=Illusion: Crown of the Winter King
tagTransmogd019_head=Illusion: Trozan's Hat
tagTransmogd020_head=Illusion: Valdun's Hat
tagTransmogd021_head=Illusion: Outcast's Secret
tagTransmogm01_head_caster_01=Illusion: Hat Brown
tagTransmogm01_head_caster_02=Illusion: Hat Black
tagTransmogm02_head_hood_01=Illusion: Coif Red
tagTransmogm02_head_hood_02=Illusion: Coif Red Mouthpiece


#########################
#####	legs

tagTransmogTextLegs=

c000 c001 c002 c003 c005 c006 c007 c008 d000
tagTransmoga00_legs01=Illusion: Pants1
tagTransmoga01_legs01=Illusion: Pants2
tagTransmoga01_legs02=Illusion: Breeches1
tagTransmoga02_legs01=Illusion: Leggings1
tagTransmoga02_legs02=Illusion: Pants3
tagTransmoga03_legs01=Illusion: Legwraps1
tagTransmoga03_legs02=Illusion: Breeches2
tagTransmoga04_legs01=Illusion: Legwraps2
tagTransmoga04_legs02=Illusion: Chausses1
tagTransmoga05_legs01=Illusion: Pants4
tagTransmoga05_legs02=Illusion: Legguards1
tagTransmoga06_legs01=Illusion: Leggings2
tagTransmoga06_legs02=Illusion: Chausses2
tagTransmoga07_legs01=Illusion: Leggings3
tagTransmoga07_legs02=Illusion: Legguards2
tagTransmoga08_legs01=Illusion: Leggings4
tagTransmoga08_legs02=Illusion: Legguards3
tagTransmoga09_legs01=Illusion: Leggings5
tagTransmoga09_legs02=Illusion: Chausses3
tagTransmogc004_legs=Illusion: Explorer's Trousers
tagTransmogc009_legs=Illusion: Flesheater Legwraps
tagTransmogc010_legs=Illusion: Shadeleather Leggings
tagTransmogc011_legs=Illusion: Hulking Legguards
tagTransmogc012_legs=Illusion: Eastern Legguards
tagTransmogc013_legs=Illusion: Bladeguard Leggings
tagTransmogc014_legs=Illusion: Rifthound Legwraps
tagTransmogc015_legs=Illusion: Spellweave Legwraps
tagTransmogc016_legs=Illusion: Mistwalker Leggings
tagTransmogc017_legs=Illusion: Hermit's Legguards
tagTransmogc018_legs=Illusion: Swampdweller's Legguards
tagTransmogc019_legs=Illusion: Soiled Trousers
tagTransmogc020_legs=Illusion: Slithscale Legwraps
tagTransmogc021_legs=Illusion: Templar's Leg Armor
tagTransmogc022_legs=Illusion: Legplates of Valor
tagTransmogd001_legs=Illusion: Demonbone Legplates
tagTransmogd002_legs=Illusion: Boneweave Leggings
tagTransmogd003_legs=Illusion: Deathwhisper Leggings
tagTransmogd004_legs=Illusion: Hellforged Legplates
tagTransmogd005_legs=Illusion: Fateweaver's Leggings
tagTransmogd006_legs=Illusion: Wraithborne Legwraps
tagTransmogd007_legs=Illusion: Arcane Harmony Leggings
tagTransmogd008_legs=Illusion: Thornhide Legguards
tagTransmogd009_legs=Illusion: Nidalla's Legwraps
tagTransmogd010_legs=Illusion: Legwraps of the Tranquil Mind
tagTransmogd011_legs=Illusion: Chausses of Barbaros
tagTransmogd012_legs=Illusion: Stormcage Legguards
tagTransmogd013_legs=Illusion: Pretty Great Pants
tagTransmogd014_legs=Illusion: Wildshorn Legguards


#########################
#####	shoulders

tagTransmogTextPads=Makes you look bigger.

b001 bc b002 bc b003 bc b004 bc b005 bc b006 bc b007ab b008ab b009ab b010ab b011ab b012abc b013abc b014ab b015ab b016ab b017ab b018ab b019ab b020ab b021ab b022ab b023ab b024ab b025ab 
c000 c001-6 c010 c015 d000
tagTransmoga02_shoulder01=Illusion: Spaulders1
tagTransmoga02_shoulder02=Illusion: Shoulderplates1
tagTransmoga03_shoulder01=Illusion: Mantle1
tagTransmoga03_shoulder02=Illusion: Spaulders2
tagTransmoga03_shoulder03=Illusion: Shoulderguard1
tagTransmoga04_shoulder01=Illusion: Shoulderguard2
tagTransmoga04_shoulder02=Illusion: Pauldrons1
tagTransmoga05_shoulder01=Illusion: Spaulders3
tagTransmoga05_shoulder02=Illusion: Spaulders4
tagTransmoga06_shoulder01=Illusion: Mantle2
tagTransmoga06_shoulder02=Illusion: Shoulderplates2
tagTransmoga06_shoulder03=Illusion: Shoulderguard3
tagTransmoga07_shoulder01=Illusion: Epaulets1
tagTransmoga07_shoulder02=Illusion: Pauldrons2
tagTransmoga08_shoulder01=Illusion: Spaulders5
tagTransmoga08_shoulder02=Illusion: Shoulderplates3
tagTransmoga09_shoulder01=Illusion: Spaulders6
tagTransmoga09_shoulder02=Illusion: Shoulderplates4
tagTransmogb001d_shoulder=Illusion: Incendiary Spaulders
tagTransmogb002d_shoulder=Illusion: Incendiary Shoulderplates
tagTransmogb003d_shoulder=Illusion: Ascended Spaulders 
tagTransmogb004d_shoulder=Illusion: Ascended Shoulderplates
tagTransmogb005d_shoulder=Illusion: Murderer's Spaulders
tagTransmogb006d_shoulder=Illusion: Murderer's Epaulets
tagTransmogb007c_shoulder=Illusion: Isaac's Spaulders
tagTransmogb008c_shoulder=Illusion: Haunted Mantle
tagTransmogb009c_shoulder=Illusion: Haunted Shoulderpad
tagTransmogb010c_shoulder=Illusion: Ascended Mantle
tagTransmogb011c_shoulder=Illusion: Ascended Epaulets
tagTransmogb012d_shoulder=Illusion: Fleshwarped Spaulders
tagTransmogb013d_shoulder=Illusion: Fleshwarped Pauldrons
tagTransmogb014c_shoulder=Illusion: Valdaran's Mantle
tagTransmogb015c_shoulder=Illusion: Valdaran's Shoulderguard
tagTransmogb016c_shoulder=Illusion: Benn'Jahr's Shoulderguards
tagTransmogb017c_shoulder=Illusion: Benn'Jahr's Pauldrons
tagTransmogb018c_shoulder=Illusion: Moosilauke's Shoulderguards
tagTransmogb019c_shoulder=Illusion: Moosilauke's Pauldrons
tagTransmogb020c_shoulder=Illusion: Iron Maiden's Mantle
tagTransmogb021c_shoulder=Illusion: Iron Maiden's Shoulderguard
tagTransmogb022c_shoulder=Illusion: Zantarin's Mantle
tagTransmogb023c_shoulder=Illusion: Zantarin's Shoulderguard
tagTransmogb024c_shoulder=Illusion: Fabius' Shoulderguard
tagTransmogb025c_shoulder=Illusion: Fabius' Pauldron
tagTransmogc007_shoulder=Illusion: Shellshock Epaulets
tagTransmogc008_shoulder=Illusion: Decorated Pauldrons
tagTransmogc009_shoulder=Illusion: Mantle of the Patron
tagTransmogc012_shoulder=Illusion: Unholy Mantle of the Covenant
tagTransmogc013_shoulder=Illusion: Shoulderguard of the Paragon
tagTransmogc014_shoulder=Illusion: Dawnguard Epaulets
tagTransmogc016_shoulder=Illusion: Praetorian Shoulderguard
tagTransmogc017_shoulder=Illusion: Alchemist's Mantle
tagTransmogc018_shoulder=Illusion: Chillmane Mantle
tagTransmogc019_shoulder=Illusion: Amarastan Pauldrons
tagTransmogc020_shoulder=Illusion: Flame Keeper's Pauldrons
tagTransmogc021_shoulder=Illusion: Callidor's Mantle
tagTransmogc022_shoulder=Illusion: Razorback's Spined Mantle
tagTransmogc023_shoulder=Illusion: Astral Mantle
tagTransmogc024_shoulder=Illusion: Warlord's Spaulders
tagTransmogc025_shoulder=Illusion: Grenadier Shoulderguard
tagTransmogc026_shoulder=Illusion: Mantle of the Weeping Eye
tagTransmogc027_shoulder=Illusion: Guardsman's Spaulders
tagTransmogc028_shoulder=Illusion: Brimstone Shoulderguard
tagTransmogc029_shoulder=Illusion: Shoulderguards of Perdition
tagTransmogc030_shoulder=Illusion: Spaulders of Mogdrogen
tagTransmogd001_shoulder=Illusion: Fateweaver's Mantle
tagTransmogd002_shoulder=Illusion: Divinesteel Shoulderguard
tagTransmogd003_shoulder=Illusion: Bloodfury Spaulders
tagTransmogd004_shoulder=Illusion: Shadowflame Mantle
tagTransmogd005_shoulder=Illusion: Titan Pauldrons
tagTransmogd006_shoulder=Illusion: Chilldread Mantle
tagTransmogd007_shoulder=Illusion: Vileblood Mantle
tagTransmogd008_shoulder=Illusion: Fiendflesh Mantle
tagTransmogd009_shoulder=Illusion: Shoulderguards of Justice
tagTransmogd010_shoulder=Illusion: Beastcaller's Shoulderpads
tagTransmogd011_shoulder=Illusion: Dawnbreaker's Shoulderguard
tagTransmogd012_shoulder=Illusion: Wildblood Mantle
tagTransmogd013_shoulder=Illusion: Clairvoyant's Mantle
tagTransmogd014_shoulder=Illusion: Markovian's Vanguard
tagTransmogd015_shoulder=Illusion: Ulzuin's Shoulderguard
tagTransmogd016_shoulder=Illusion: Mantle of Dreeg
tagTransmogd017_shoulder=Illusion: Deathmarked Shoulderguard
tagTransmogd018_shoulder=Illusion: Iskandra's Pauldrons
tagTransmogd019_shoulder=Illusion: Ultos' Spaulders
tagTransmogd020_shoulder=Illusion: Mantle of Mogdrogen
tagTransmogd021_shoulder=Illusion: Trozan's Mantle
tagTransmogm01_shoulder01=Illusion: Shoulderplates01
tagTransmogm01_shoulder01b=Illusion: Spaulders02
tagTransmogm01_shoulder01c=Illusion: Pauldrons03
tagTransmogm01_shoulder01d=Illusion: Spaulders04



#########################
#####	medal

tagTransmogTextMedal=A shiny medal just for you.

b003ab b004ab b005ab c000-8 c011 c014-16 c018 d000 medal_visible
tagTransmoga001_medal01=Illusion: Ribbon
tagTransmoga002_medal01=Illusion: Badge
tagTransmoga003_medal01=Illusion: Mark
tagTransmoga004_medal01=Illusion: Crest
tagTransmoga005_medal01=Illusion: Star
tagTransmoga006_medal01=Illusion: Imperial Crest
tagTransmoga007_medal01=Illusion: Imperial Star
tagTransmogb001_medal=Illusion: Ranger's Ribbon
tagTransmogb002_medal=Illusion: Ranger's Badge
tagTransmogb003c_medal=Illusion: Ikrix Scale
tagTransmogb004c_medal=Illusion: Kymon's Badge
tagTransmogb005c_medal=Illusion: Bloodsworn Sigil
tagTransmogc009_medal=Illusion: Vanguard Star
tagTransmogc010_medal=Illusion: Badge of the Crimson Company
tagTransmogc012_medal=Illusion: Unholy Sigil of the Covenant
tagTransmogc013_medal=Illusion: Ribbon of Valiance
tagTransmogc017_medal=Illusion: Mark of the False Gods
tagTransmogc019_medal=Illusion: Mogdrogen Sigil
tagTransmogc020_medal=Illusion: Illusionist's Mark
tagTransmogc021_medal=Illusion: Black Star of Deceit
tagTransmogc022_medal=Illusion: Mark of the Nymph
tagTransmogc023_medal=Illusion: Star of Frozen Skies
tagTransmogc024_medal=Illusion: Volcanum
tagTransmogc025_medal=Illusion: Mark of Fierce Resolve
tagTransmogc026_medal=Illusion: Myrmidon Revered Star
tagTransmogc027_medal=Illusion: Beast Slayer's Mark
tagTransmogc028_medal=Illusion: Badge of Tenacity
tagTransmogc029_medal=Illusion: Insignia of Justice
tagTransmogc030_medal=Illusion: Crimson Heart
tagTransmogc031_medal=Illusion: Enchanter's Insignia
tagTransmogc032_medal=Illusion: Heretic's Sigil
tagTransmogc033_medal=Illusion: Gutworm's Bloody Seal
tagTransmogc034_medal=Illusion: Combat Medic's Mark
tagTransmogc035_medal=Illusion: Mark of the Templar
tagTransmogc036_medal=Illusion: Arcanum Sigil
tagTransmogc037_medal=Illusion: Tempest Sigil
tagTransmogc038_medal=Illusion: Bloodreaper's Mark
tagTransmogc039_medal=Illusion: Apothecary's Sign
tagTransmogd001_medal=Illusion: Mark of the Apostate
tagTransmogd002_medal=Illusion: Badge of Mastery
tagTransmogd003_medal=Illusion: Pyroclasm Mark
tagTransmogd004_medal=Illusion: Sigil of the Bear King
tagTransmogd005_medal=Illusion: Blood Sigil of Ch'Thon
tagTransmogd006_medal=Illusion: Direwolf Crest
tagTransmogd007_medal=Illusion: Undying Oath
tagTransmogd008_medal=Illusion: Markovian's Stratagem
tagTransmogd009_medal=Illusion: Mark of Dark Dreams
tagTransmogd010_medal=Illusion: Mark of Anathema
tagTransmogd011_medal=Illusion: Mark of Divinity
tagTransmogd012_medal=Illusion: Beastcaller's Talisman



#########################
#####	shields

tagTransmogTextShield=Shiny, for extra crowd-control.

c000-8 c011-14 d000
tagTransmoga00_shield01=Illusion: Plank Shield1
tagTransmoga01_shield01=Illusion: Buckler1
tagTransmoga01_shield02=Illusion: Round Shield1
tagTransmoga02_shield01=Illusion: Heater Shield1
tagTransmoga02_shield02=Illusion: Round Shield2
tagTransmoga03_shield01=Illusion: War Shield1
tagTransmoga03_shield02=Illusion: Tower Shield1
tagTransmoga04_shield01=Illusion: Heater Shield2
tagTransmoga04_shield02=Illusion: Rondache1
tagTransmoga05_shield01=Illusion: Tower Shield2
tagTransmoga06_shield01=Illusion: Heater Shield3
tagTransmoga06_shield02=Illusion: Aegis1
tagTransmoga07_shield01=Illusion: Tower Shield3
tagTransmoga08_shield01=Illusion: Kite Shield1
tagTransmoga08_shield02=Illusion: Aegis2
tagTransmoga09_shield01=Illusion: Kite Shield2
tagTransmoga10_shield01=Illusion: Tower Shield4
tagTransmogb000_shield=Illusion: Buckler2
tagTransmogb001b_shielda=Illusion: Warden's Bulwark1
tagTransmogb001b_shieldb=Illusion: Warden's Fortress1
tagTransmogb001c_shielda=Illusion: Warden's Bulwark2
tagTransmogb001c_shieldb=Illusion: Warden's Fortress2
tagTransmogb001d_shielda=Illusion: Warden's Bulwark3
tagTransmogb001d_shieldb=Illusion: Warden's Fortress3
tagTransmogb001_shielda=Illusion: Warden's Bulwark4
tagTransmogb001_shieldb=Illusion: Warden's Fortress4
tagTransmogb002b_shield=Illusion: Spectral Shield1
tagTransmogb002c_shield=Illusion: Spectral Shield2
tagTransmogb002d_shield=Illusion: Spectral Shield3
tagTransmogb002_shield=Illusion: Spectral Shield4
tagTransmogb003b_shield=Illusion: Spectral War Shield1
tagTransmogb003c_shield=Illusion: Spectral War Shield2
tagTransmogb003d_shield=Illusion: Spectral War Shield3
tagTransmogb003_shield=Illusion: Spectral War Shield4
tagTransmogb004_shield=Illusion: Battle Shield
tagTransmogb005_shield=Illusion: Siege Shield
tagTransmogb006_shield=Illusion: Sovereign Shield
tagTransmogb007a_shield=Illusion: Trog Bonewall1
tagTransmogb007b_shield=Illusion: Trog Bonewall2
tagTransmogb007c_shield=Illusion: Trog Bonewall3
tagTransmogb007d_shield=Illusion: Trog Bonewall4
tagTransmogb008a_shield=Illusion: Vampiric Bonewall1
tagTransmogb008b_shield=Illusion: Vampiric Bonewall2
tagTransmogb008c_shield=Illusion: Vampiric Bonewall3
tagTransmogb008d_shield=Illusion: Vampiric Bonewall4
tagTransmogb009a_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Guard1
tagTransmogb009b_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Guard2
tagTransmogb009c_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Guard3
tagTransmogb009d_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Guard4
tagTransmogb010a_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Bulwark1
tagTransmogb010b_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Bulwark2
tagTransmogb010c_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Bulwark3
tagTransmogb010d_shield=Illusion: Obsidian Bulwark4
tagTransmogb011a_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Shield1
tagTransmogb011b_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Shield2
tagTransmogb011c_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Shield3
tagTransmogb011d_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Shield4
tagTransmogb012a_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Bulwark1
tagTransmogb012b_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Bulwark2
tagTransmogb012c_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Bulwark3
tagTransmogb012d_shield=Illusion: Fleshwarped Bulwark4
tagTransmogb013a_shield=Illusion: Bernard's Slightly-Chewed Buckler1
tagTransmogb013b_shield=Illusion: Bernard's Slightly-Chewed Buckler2
tagTransmogb013c_shield=Illusion: Bernard's Slightly-Chewed Buckler3

tagTransmogc009_shield=Illusion: Dawnshard Bulwark
tagTransmogc010_shield=Illusion: Templar's Faith

tagTransmogc015_shield=Illusion: The Gladiator
tagTransmogc016_shield=Illusion: Blazeguard Arbiter
tagTransmogc017_shield=Illusion: Vanguard of the Legion
tagTransmogc018_shield=Illusion: Myrmidon's Guard
tagTransmogc019_shield=Illusion: Defender of Devil's Crossing
tagTransmogc020_shield=Illusion: Spiriteater Bulwark
tagTransmogc021_shield=Illusion: Flamebreaker
tagTransmogc022_shield=Illusion: Elementium
tagTransmogc023_shield=Illusion: Devil's Grin
tagTransmogc024_shield=Illusion: Maw of the Beast
tagTransmogc025_shield=Illusion: Crest of the Black Legion
tagTransmogc026_shield=Illusion: Lichguard
tagTransmogc027_shield=Illusion: Ravna's Guard
tagTransmogc028_shield=Illusion: Guardsman's Defender
tagTransmogc029_shield=Illusion: Shield of Perdition
tagTransmogc030_shield=Illusion: Oathbreaker's Guard
tagTransmogd001_shield=Illusion: Meat Shield
tagTransmogd002_shield=Illusion: The Final Stop
tagTransmogd003_shield=Illusion: The Untouchable
tagTransmogd004_shield=Illusion: Will of the Living
tagTransmogd005_shield=Illusion: Skybreach Bulwark
tagTransmogd006_shield=Illusion: Siegebreaker
tagTransmogd007_shield=Illusion: Zolhan's Revenge
tagTransmogd008_shield=Illusion: Dawnbreaker's Duty
tagTransmogd009_shield=Illusion: Markovian's Bulwark


#########################
#####	focus

tagTransmogTextFocus=You really do judge a book by its cover.

b001 bc b002abc b003a b004a b005a b006ab b007ab b008abc b009abc b010abcd b011abcd b012abc b013abc 
b014abcd b015abcd b016abcd b017abcd b018abcd b019abcd b020abcd b021abcd b022abcd b023abcd b024ab 
c000-9 c013-15
d000
tagTransmoga01_focus01=Illusion: Musty Tome
tagTransmoga01_focus02=Illusion: Runed Bone
tagTransmoga02_focus01=Illusion: Fleshbound Tome
tagTransmoga02_focus02=Illusion: Fiendish Effigy
tagTransmoga03_focus01=Illusion: Runebound Archive
tagTransmoga03_focus02=Illusion: Etched Horn
tagTransmoga04_focus01=Illusion: Leatherbound Spellbook
tagTransmoga04_focus02=Illusion: Glyphed Skull
tagTransmoga05_focus01=Illusion: Eldritch Tome
tagTransmoga05_focus02=Illusion: Savage Effigy
tagTransmoga06_focus01=Illusion: Arcane Codex
tagTransmoga06_focus02=Illusion: Eldritch Effigy
tagTransmoga07_focus01=Illusion: Exalted Codex
tagTransmoga07_focus02=Illusion: Exalted Effigy
tagTransmogb001d_focus=Illusion: Zarthuzellan's Codex
tagTransmogb002d_focus=Illusion: Rolderathis' Tome
tagTransmogb003b_focus=Illusion: Occult Horn
tagTransmogb004b_focus=Illusion: Occult Skull
tagTransmogb005b_focus=Illusion: Occult Effigy
tagTransmogb006c_focus=Illusion: Witch's Effigy
tagTransmogb007c_focus=Illusion: Pulsing Shard
tagTransmogb008d_focus=Illusion: Bloodsworn Tome
tagTransmogb009d_focus=Illusion: Bloodsworn Codex
tagTransmogb010e_focus=Illusion: Groble Toxic Idol
tagTransmogb011e_focus=Illusion: Groble Toxic Effigy
tagTransmogb013a_focus=Illusion: Yeti Horn
tagTransmogb013d_focus=Illusion: Yeti Horn
tagTransmogb014e_focus=Illusion: Groble Sky Idol
tagTransmogb015e_focus=Illusion: Groble Sky Effigy
tagTransmogb016e_focus=Illusion: Groble Stone Idol
tagTransmogb017e_focus=Illusion: Groble Stone Effigy
tagTransmogb018e_focus=Illusion: Groble Ember Idol
tagTransmogb019e_focus=Illusion: Groble Ember Effigy
tagTransmogb020e_focus=Illusion: Groble Death Idol
tagTransmogb021e_focus=Illusion: Groble Death Effigy
tagTransmogb022e_focus=Illusion: Gazer Eye
tagTransmogb023e_focus=Illusion: Overseer Eye
tagTransmogb024c_focus=Illusion: Karvor's Conjuring Bone
tagTransmogc010_focus=Illusion: Sacred Texts of Menhir
tagTransmogc011_focus=Illusion: Nocturnis
tagTransmogc012_focus=Illusion: Channeling Orb of the Covenant
tagTransmogc016_focus=Illusion: Scorcher's Archive
tagTransmogc017_focus=Illusion: Deathlord's Tome
tagTransmogc018_focus=Illusion: Callidor's Codex
tagTransmogc019_focus=Illusion: Dementia
tagTransmogc020_focus=Illusion: Crushing Will
tagTransmogc021_focus=Illusion: Heretic's Tome
tagTransmogc022_focus=Illusion: Malformed Effigy
tagTransmogc023_focus=Illusion: Stormcaller's Effigy
tagTransmogc024_focus=Illusion: Banshee's Misery
tagTransmogc025_focus=Illusion: Wyrmclaw
tagTransmogc026_focus=Illusion: Black Grimoire of Og'Napesh
tagTransmogc027_focus=Illusion: Edrick's Backscratcher
tagTransmogc028_focus=Illusion: Storm Scion
tagTransmogc029_focus=Illusion: Maiven's Tome
tagTransmogc030_focus=Illusion: Tome of Plagues
tagTransmogd001_focus=Illusion: Fiend's Resolve
tagTransmogd002_focus=Illusion: Aldanar's Vanity
tagTransmogd003_focus=Illusion: Codex of Lies
tagTransmogd004_focus=Illusion: Tome of Names
tagTransmogd005_focus=Illusion: Blood Orb of Ch'thon
tagTransmogd006_focus=Illusion: Speaker for the Dead
tagTransmogd007_focus=Illusion: Eye of Dominion
tagTransmogd008_focus=Illusion: Tome of the Arcane Wastes
tagTransmogd009_focus=Illusion: Skull of Gul'Amash
tagTransmogd010_focus=Illusion: Wretched Tome of Nar'Adin
tagTransmogd011_focus=Illusion: Codex of Eternal Storms
tagTransmogd012_focus=Illusion: Consumption of Agrivix
tagTransmogd013_focus=Illusion: Invoker's Blaze
tagTransmogd014_focus=Illusion: Iskandra's Texts