tagSkillClassDescriptionWitchDoctor=Witch doctors are spiritual warriors who summon dead souls and crawling creatures to do their bidding. By surrounding themselves with conjured zombies, witch doctors are free to assault their enemies with deadly projectiles, toxic totems, and wasting curses.

#ClassWitchDoctor
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName00=^iWitch Doctor
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription00="The spirits smile upon me."

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName01A=Poison Dart
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription01A=Shoot a deadly Poison Dart that deals piercing and acid damage.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName01B=Splinters
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription01B=Gain additional darts that deal poison damage. The total damage of each Poison Dart is decreased though.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName01C=Spined Dart
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription01C=Gain energy every time a Poison Dart hits an enemy. Deals physical damage and increases acid damage.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName01D=Flaming Dart
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription01D=Ignite the dart, dealing fire and burn damage to enemies.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName02A=Corpse Spiders
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription02A=Throw a poisoned jar with a spider that attack nearby enemies, dealing physical and poison damage. ^oWhen it reaches the maximum level, you'll throw a bigger jar with a Spider Queen inside. The Spider Queen will summon 2 Black Widows to fight with her as long as she lives.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName02B=Widow's Bite
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription02B=The spider bites the target, immobilizing him for a second, and dealing acid damage.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName02C=Ring of Plagues
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription02C=An aura surrounds the spider, dealing poison damage to all nearby enemies.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName02D=Venom and Bites

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName02E=The Queen Desires

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03A=Zombie Dogs
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription03A=Summon 3 Zombie Dogs from the depths to fight by your side. ^oWhen it reaches the maximum level, the Zombie Dogs will be able to summon other 3 dogs to fight with them for 30 seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03B=Chilled to the Bone
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription03B=Launch a cold wave that deals damage to all enemies in front of the zombie dogs.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03C=Poisoned Bite

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03D=Burning Dogs
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription03D=Your Zombie Dogs burst into flames, burning nearby enemies for a few seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03E=Sacrifice

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03F=Summon Damned Dogs

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03G=Claws and Teeth

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03H=Damnation

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName03I=Scorched Earth

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName04A=Firebats
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription04A=Launch a swarm of fiery bats to burn enemies in front of you.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName04B=Plague Bats
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription04B=Diseased bats fly towards the enemy and infect them, dealing poison damage over 3 seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName05A=Horrify
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription05A=Summon spectral spirits that horrifies all enemies around you, causing them to tremor in fear and be immobilized for a second.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName05B=Phobia
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription05B=Enemies run in fear after being immobilized.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName06A=Soul Harvest
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription06A=Create a magical field that feeds on the life force of enemies, dealing physical and elemental damage to them. A percentage of the total damage dealt is converted to health.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName06B=Languish
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription06B=Reduces resistances and total speed of enemies for a few seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName07A=Haunt
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription07A=Haunt an enemy with a spirit, dealing cold damage over seconds. The spirit haunts another nearby enemy after 2 seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName07B=Consuming Spirit
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription07B=The spirit burns enemies. It heals you for half of the damage dealt.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName08A=Zombie Charger
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription08A=Call forth a reckless, suicidal zombie that deals poison damage to all enemies in its path before decomposing. ^oWhen it reaches the maximum level, you will summon a Horned Yeti who lives for 12 seconds.
 
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName08B=Zombie Charge

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName08C=Walking Plague

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName08D=Cold Slashes

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName08E=Freezing Slam

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName09A=Spirit Barrage
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription09A=Launch a spirit bolt at enemies that deals cold damage and frostburn damage over 2 seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName09B=Well of Souls
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription09B=Release additional spirit bolts on impact, dealing fire damage to other targets.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName10A=Spirit Walk
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription10A=Enter in a deep state between your body and soul, becoming unvulnerable for 2 seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName10B=Healing Journey
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription10B=Gain bonus life regeneration and increased speed while Spirit Walk is activated.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName11A=Totem of Plagues
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription11A=Spawn a totem that releases a toxic smoke, dealing poison damage to all enemies in area.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName11B=Toxic Nova

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName11C=Kiss of Death
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription11C=Consumes the life of all enemies in area and reduces their resistances.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName12A=Mass Confusion
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription12A=Incite paranoia in enemies, confusing them and causing some to be charmed and fight for you for a few seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName13A=Wall of Death
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription13A=Raise a wall of zombies from the ground that attacks enemies for a few seconds. ^oWhen it reaches the maximum level, it turns into a Wall of Fire that burns all enemies that pass through it.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName13B=Zombie Army

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName13C=Frostdead Presence

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName14A=Spiritual Attunement
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription14A=Gives you bonus mana regeneration and increases the maximum energy.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName15A=Spirit Vessel
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription15A=When you lose a certain amount of health, you automatically enter the spirit realm for 2 seconds, restoring a portion of your maximum life.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName16A=Jungle Fortitude
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription16A=Reduces all damage taken by you, and increases the maximum life of your pets.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName16B=Midnight Feast
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription16B=The damage of your pets is increased while the Jungle Fortitude is activated.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName17A=Fetish Army
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription17A=Summon an army of 5 Fetish Warriors to fight by your side for 20 seconds.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName17B=Tiki Torchers
tagClassWitchDoctorSkillDescription17B=The Fetish Warriors summon Fetish Shamans to fight with them as long as they live.

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName17C=Fireball

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName17D=Fetish Savagery

tagClassWitchDoctorSkillName17E=Decrepify

Pets:

tagPetFetish=Fetish Warrior
tagPetFetishShaman=Fetish Shaman
tagPetCorpseSpiders=Black Widow
tagPetSpiderQueen=Spider Queen
tagPetSummonDogs=Zombie Dogs
tagPetZombieCharger=Zombie Charger
tagPetTotemofPlagues=Totem of Plagues
tagPetWallofDeath=Zombies
tagPetWallofFire=Wall of Fire
tagPetHornedYeti=Horned Yeti
tagPetDamnedDogs=Damned Dogs






